{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Well, the first is valuing you, for you and who you are vs. what you can do for them. Function, you said." patient: "I mean, I guess, for my mom, I’m like the child or someone she can share her meal with. So I feel like bad, I guess. But with my friend, I was like, I really didn’ t want to talk, but I felt obligated to talk, you know , even though she did seem interested and like, yeah, you’re a good writer . Yeah, you look good in that skirt, you know . Yeah, you should do this or you should do that. And she said all of these things to me, like it wasn’ t like she just kept talking about herself. But it was just like you know , like I was working on my homework and she called and I shouldn’ t have spoken to her right then, but I couldn’ t not pick her phone. So." mental health assistant: "Why couldn’ t you not?" patient: "I don’ t know like. So she’d call like Friday night or like text and I just walked in to a bar with my friends so I couldn’ t talk to her then. And then I called her over the weekend, and she wasn’ t there. We just kept missing each other , but I felt like I should talk with her . Yeah, I just feel like obligated instead of like it’ s mutual and I get something out of it or it’ s nice to talk to friends, you know . I used to think, oh I don’ t ever talk to anyone on the phone and you know , maybe the conversation lasts five minutes and it’ s all about logistics. And here I have someone to talk to for hours that’ s really...and then I’m still like why do I have to do this?" ', 'therapist_result': 'But you feel like you don’ t have a choice. Like you feel like if you want to pick up, because she’ s been trying to reach you. You don’ t feel like you can say I would love to talk, but now is not a good time. Maybe we can find a time over the next week. You don’ t feel you can do that. And then you feel like somehow she’ s put you in this position that you can’ t say no.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling a bit used, maybe even resentful, in your relationships with both your mom and your friend.  You mentioned feeling obligated to both of them, but the reasons and the feelings seem different.\n\nLet's start with your mom. You said you feel like you're valued for what you *do* for her, like sharing a meal, rather than for who you *are*. Can you tell me more about what that feels like? What kind of emotions come up when you think about that?  Is there a specific example that stands out?\n\n\nAnd then with your friend, it seems like the obligation is more about maintaining the friendship itself, even when you don't have the energy or time. You said you felt you *couldn't* not answer her calls, even when it wasn't convenient.  What is it about your friendship that makes you feel so compelled to respond, even when you're feeling drained or otherwise occupied?  What would it feel like if you *didn't* feel obligated to answer those calls? What might happen if you set a boundary and didn't answer every time she called?  It sounds like, even though she offers compliments, the overall interaction doesn't feel reciprocal.  Can you describe what a more balanced and fulfilling friendship would look like to you?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I mean, my impression is that your mother often treats you instrumentally , so you’ve learned to see yourself instrumentally in relationships, which makes it hard to see what you get out of it or ...it’ s like where is the attachment? Where is the...you know . If you’re not getting asked to work and if you’re not getting to do something, then it doesn’ t feel...but it sounds like you love talking to this person.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "What was he referring to?" patient: "Just what happened with that woman and her father . I guess he was talking to a friend and it came up because he was like, the same circle and that friend knows this woman. So, I guess, the friend was asking Chris or talked to Bryce and Chris was just saying I don’ t want to see her and then Chris told him what happened and I guess the friend was talking more like or saying something like wrong; it wasn’ t right or something. And he came and apologized that he didn’ t respond to the e-mail because she accused me and stuf f. I’m like as you know , you’re kind and you didn’ t do...I don’ t expect you to do anything dif ferent, you know . [Pause.] Just weird. Appearance like, yeah I look. So it’ s not that bad. You know like I started seeing other men because of this and I left your circle and found a new circle. So I’m doing okay . I used that as an excuse to be promiscuous or whatever . [Pause.] Are we out of time?" mental health assistant: "No. You brought up on Monday something we haven’ t really talked about very much to this point, maternity leave and the logistics of maybe how you feel about it. You might want to make sure we can talk about it today and continue to talk about it." patient: "Sure, yeah. When is the leave? [00:42:1 1]" ', 'therapist_result': 'So, assuming all goes as planned, I’ll be here through the third week of June, which is I think June a day or so a week starting at the end of July so that I would at least be able to see you once a week. But I will e- mail you probably mid-July just to let you know how things are going. And then the second week in August, I’m away that week. And then the third week I plan on coming back more like a regular schedule. So I’ll certainly be able to see you a couple of times before then. And then you’ll come back regularly the...I think it’ s the second full or third full week in August. Something like that.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re asking about your maternity leave and when it starts.  That\'s a really important thing to clarify, and it sounds like it\'s been on your mind.  Before we get into the specifics of the leave dates, though, you mentioned something earlier about a conversation that upset you involving Chris and a mutual acquaintance. Can you tell me more about how that made you feel?  What specifically felt "weird" or unsettling about the situation?  It sounds like there were several layers to it—Chris\'s reaction, the friend\'s judgment, and perhaps even your own feelings about your subsequent actions.  Let\'s explore those feelings before we move on to the leave details.  There\'s no rush.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'It begins March 4th. The way I understand it is that you’d have about three months in a row where you’d be off. And then you’d have three months of working from home, like part-time, three months of working from home, sort of part-time, and then you’d have three months of leave or of parental leave. It’ s not clear to me how the part-time working from home stuf f fits together with the three months of parental leave.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "We did have Skype the year before though, so we did communicate..." patient: "Yeah, because we talked about doing that because those were sessions, right. I don’ t know...because I’ve told you like I’m going away for two months. How am I supposed to like...? I don’ t know like I could like e-mail you in the middle and say , “Hey , I’m just, you know . Can we Skype?”" mental health assistant: "I’m your therapist not only in these sessions, but I’m your therapist. And if you need to contact me, you can contact me. You can always contact me." patient: "I didn’ t know that. [Laughs nervously .]" ', 'therapist_result': 'Well maybe I should have made that more explicit. But I am always...I mean. It almost...I feel some of it is connected to what we were talking about on Monday . Like are we connected and like are you just present for these sessions, or is there like a connection that’ s ongoing throughout whether we’re in each other ’s presence or not? And there is certainly a highly...there’ s a highly structured format to our relationship and I appreciate that. So there’ s not peace, but there’ s sort of like this ongoing like how you feel connected to me or other people outside. And I’m your therapist in here, outside of here. If you need me, you can reach out to me. We’ll figure out a way to be in contact and for us to talk or meet or whatever . And that’ s always true.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling a bit uncertain about how to stay connected with me while you're away for two months.  You're concerned about contacting me unexpectedly and wondering if that's appropriate.  Can you tell me more about what's making you feel unsure about reaching out? What specifically makes you hesitate to email or Skype during that time?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah. And that’ s important. It’ s important that if you’re feeling distressed between sessions or you need to contact me about something, you contact me. And, you know , I will respond as soon as possible. It is vacation time now , so I’m not going to be checking my e-mail all the time. But I will get back to you.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I’m your therapist not only in these sessions, but I’m your therapist. And if you need to contact me, you can contact me. You can always contact me." patient: "I didn’ t know that. [Laughs nervously .]" mental health assistant: "Well maybe I should have made that more explicit. But I am always...I mean. It almost...I feel some of it is connected to what we were talking about on Monday . Like are we connected and like are you just present for these sessions, or is there like a connection that’ s ongoing throughout whether we’re in each other ’s presence or not? And there is certainly a highly...there’ s a highly structured format to our relationship and I appreciate that. So there’ s not peace, but there’ s sort of like this ongoing like how you feel connected to me or other people outside. And I’m your therapist in here, outside of here. If you need me, you can reach out to me. We’ll figure out a way to be in contact and for us to talk or meet or whatever . And that’ s always true." patient: "Oh okay . I didn’ t know that." ', 'therapist_result': 'It is always true. It is...my maternity leave is definitely , you know , a bit of an anomaly in that sense. You can still...certainly after a week or so I’ll be checking e-mail to again. You can certainly feel free to e- mail me. I will also have someone covering for me who will be more consistently present. But like I said, by , hopefully by mid-July I hope to e-mail you and let you know kind of the deal in terms of, okay , I think I can be back third or fourth week and come in for an hour or so here and there. So that’ s what I hope to do.', 'base_result': "Okay, I hear you saying you didn't know you could contact me outside of our scheduled sessions. That's understandable, and it sounds like that information wasn't as clear as it should have been.  I apologize for that.  It's important that you feel comfortable reaching out when you need support.\n\nCan you tell me more about what you were thinking or feeling when you realized you could contact me outside of our sessions? What went through your mind when you heard that?  It seems like there might be some relief, but perhaps also some other emotions?\n\nIt also sounds like you're reflecting on the nature of our therapeutic relationship –  thinking about how connected we are, both during and outside of our sessions. Can you tell me a little more about what that feeling of connection means to you? What aspects of our relationship contribute to that feeling, and are there any aspects that feel less connected or that you’d like to explore further?\n\nFinally, you mentioned feeling some connection to our conversation from Monday.  Could you tell me a bit more about what was discussed on Monday and how you think it relates to your feelings about contacting me outside of our sessions?  There's no pressure to share anything you don't feel comfortable with, but exploring these connections might be helpful.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'If I’m not available, we can set something up where you contact the of fice and they leave you message or something. We’ll figure something out. It’ s just...it doesn’ t sound to me like you’re sort of grappling with how you’ve felt like at times you’ve felt disconnected or alone or frightened about those connections.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But I like to be available as much as possible. And for some reason, like maternity leave, I can’ t be, I’ll have someone else who’ s available to you." patient: "Okay . That would be helpful. Yeah. Thank you." mental health assistant: "You will not be alone." patient: "Yeah. I don’ t feel alone as much because I’ve like [inaudible – 47;36] to be more self-reliant. So yeah. I don’ t like..." ', 'therapist_result': 'But the question...so that’ s true, and that’ s good. But the question for you is it’ s not simply about sort of over -relying, but it’ s about feeling reliant, how people rely on each other in ways that feel burdensome, rather than relying on ways in which you feel sort of like people want...like they want to take care of you. They want to take care of each other . They don’ t feel obligated to. It doesn’ t feel shackled. There’ s not simply , in my mind for you, just relying less on people. Like that’ s the goal per se. But it’ s a different kind of reliance.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you mentioned feeling less alone now because you've been working on being more self-reliant. That's fantastic!  Can you tell me more about what that process has been like for you? What steps have you taken to become more self-reliant?  And what aspects of your life has that impacted the most?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think the other thing is that as much as you’ve become self-reliant, there are still going to be times where you feel alone. Especially right now , where you’re at a transition. You’re moving out of your family home and into a home that you’re sharing with other people. You’re living with, you’re sleeping with, you’re eating with, you’re having coffee with other people, all the time. You’re going to be alone some of the time too. And those times are going to be difficult for a while.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "There’ s a lot going on. I mean, I certainly agree. That is very common for immigrant." patient: "Yeah.  Yeah. I mean, I... I mean, what do I say? Is it unhealthy for her to feel like my daughter?  I don’ t think so. Right? Because like people’ s dynamics can be complicated. Like, at some point, your parents do become like your children. Right? Like when they’re really old, you do have to take care of them like you take care of a child. Right? So...  I don’ t know . I guess I’m trying to prepare myself for like that or just the fact that it is a complicated relationship and how do I respect that or live with that or make the best of it or even make it, you know , fruitful. You know?" mental health assistant: "Well, I don’ t think complicated is inherently unhealthy ." patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think it can be very confusing and I do think, at times, it really brings up feelings for you. I mean, you have feelings in other areas. You’re wanting people to take care of you in ways that you’re not. And I do think that’ s a carryover from feelings  mom.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're grappling with a complicated relationship with your parent, and you're questioning whether the dynamic – where you feel like you're almost parenting them – is unhealthy.  You're right, family dynamics can be incredibly complex, and it sounds like you're trying to navigate a shift in roles.  \n\nYou mentioned that at some point, parents become like children, needing care. That's a very insightful observation.  It’s understandable to find yourself in this position and to be unsure of how to best manage it. \n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically makes you question the healthiness of the relationship? What are some of the aspects that feel challenging or difficult to you right now? What are some of the specific situations that make you feel this way?  And what are some of your hopes for your relationship with your parent going forward?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'And I think, again, you describe it as complicated, which in itself suggests that there are probably a lot of negative and painful or stressful elements, but those can be very unhealthy for you or your aunt or, I imagine, in some ways, even your mom. I mean, I don’ t know about your mom. I could imagine some ways in which this has actually been kind of good for you, which is that it provides you with a kind of safety net. It’ s been very, very difficult, though. And it’ s certainly provided a few roadblocks for you, I think. I mean, I think there are some things you probably couldn’ t pursue, and, clearly , the things you describe for your aunt are very hard for her .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Like, “Oh, I don’ t have anywhere to live. I’ve got to get back with Chris.”" patient: "Yeah." mental health assistant: "“I need a man to provide me with housing.”" patient: "Well, then I don’ t have to worry about, you know , money .  It has a lot of other perks too, you know , like be back on the marriage track and be, you know , have this companionship and we can cook together and stuf f. And... What else?  Yeah.  And I’ll be like... I’ll be forced to make a choice know . Dif ferent people need dif ferent things. I’m just like... I don’ t really understand what it’ s about. You know?  Like another friend of mine...  She... She’ s in the program with me and she moved from Alabama or somewhere. She left like another Masters or PhD program to join this, to write. And like the first year here, she just kind of slacked of f completely because she fell in love with this guy and she was like completely crazy about him and she was totally like not showing up to things and not even sometimes coming to class. She wouldn’ t do any of her homework and she wrote kind of terrible things. And I was just like... I was talking about her to another friend and like yesterday he mentioned her because he saw her boyfriend. He was like, “She gave up her writing for this guy? Really?” And I was like, “Huh. It’ s interesting you say she gave up her writing because she’ s turned in like a couple of really good stories and I’m like in awe of her . And it’ s really strange to hear she gave up writing because she’ s so totally not even looking like she gave up writing. She seems like very much on top of things now . Like she turns in her homework and she writes these good things, you know , like...” It doesn’ t mean I let myself get  by that. I could. I’m like always pulling my hair out to get this done, get that done. She’ s always like  doing it. But like so she... I guess she and the guy moved in together and I assume she’ s not really paying rent because, you know , he’s... He makes much more than her . But... Where was I going with this?  Yeah. I guess I was trying to understand. I’m always looking at other people and what they do and trying to ask myself, “Should I do this? Should I do that? Is that how it’ s done?” So then I’m like, “I need to...”  Like last year , when she was all crazy about love and everything, I was like, “I want that. You know , I want to be crazy and not do any work.” And now that she’ s stable, I’m like, “Maybe I want that.” You know? Like maybe I need to, need... Like the equivalent of her boyfriend would be Chris, you know , like stable, steady , always there, you know , makes money and lets me live with him rent free. Maybe I need that. But then when I had it, I was like, “No. I need craziness or I need to feel independent because if I feel independent, I will feel confident and I will be able to write better .” So it’ s like...  And I understand that I could want dif ferent things at dif ferent times. But it’ s just like what is it? You know?  Am I at a phase where I need stability or like am I still in my crazy phase where it’ s like, “No. I need inspiration or I need to do everything myself so I feel confident and then I can write better .”  Yeah. Maybe I’ll the sort of person... Maybe my psychology is that, at the base level, I feel helpless. So I have to do all these things to prove to myself that I can do it. Then once I have that high, then I can write. [00:38:1 1] Maybe she’ s already up here in terms of confidence level and independence. So she just needs to kind of settle down and... You know? I don’ t know .    She’ s lived like a lot more years being single and she’ s divorced. So...  I don’ t know . I have to compare myself.   I guess I do that also to give myself options and be like, “There are choices I could make.” You know? And I guess it’s okay to some degree to be like, “What is that person doing? Could I do that?”" ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. It does... I mean, you certainly use other people to compare yourself and often compare yourself downward. You often... You also look at people for models although you make a lot of assumptions in that model. You have no idea. She could be paying all the rent for all you know . You have no idea. So you make a lot of assumptions about what that relationship is like and how he’ s really like Chris. And so, in a sense, it’ s a projection. I’m not sure how much you’re learning because you’re projecting onto them something that you, that’s familiar to you already . So it’ s not exactly new information.', 'base_result': 'It sounds like you\'re going through a lot right now, and it\'s understandable that you\'re feeling confused and uncertain about what you want. You\'ve shared a lot about your housing situation, your relationship with Chris, and your observations of your friend.  It\'s brave of you to explore these feelings and thoughts so openly.\n\nLet\'s start by focusing on your feelings. You mentioned wanting stability, but also wanting independence and the "crazy" feeling of inspiration.  Can you tell me more about what those feelings *feel* like in your body and mind? What are the specific sensations or thoughts associated with each feeling?\n\n\nYou\'re comparing yourself to your friend, noticing how her relationship seems to affect her writing, and questioning whether you need stability or independence to thrive creatively.  It\'s natural to look to others for guidance, but it\'s important to remember that everyone\'s path is unique.  What makes you think that your friend\'s experience is directly applicable to your situation?  What might be different between your circumstances and hers?\n\nYou also mentioned feeling helpless at your core. This is a powerful insight.  Can you tell me more about when and why you feel that helplessness?  What situations or thoughts trigger that feeling?  And when you feel this way, what are some things that typically make you feel better – even just a little bit?\n\nFinally, you mentioned the possibility that you use comparisons to provide yourself with options. That\'s a really interesting observation.  In what ways does comparing yourself to others help you feel empowered or make decisions? And in what ways might it be hindering your own sense of self and what you truly want?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I think you do that. I think those are the options and I think that’ s...  And I think there’ s something else there too. I think you make comparisons and...  And to be honest, I’m a little slow on the uptake here, like I’m a little slow in putting this together . But what a lot of these people you’re comparing yourself to are...  Or a lot of them are men. [00:39:25] I think you’re also trying these relationships to men, thinking, “What if I could just be with a man who was more there for me? More reliable, more stable, more there, less angry , less abusive, less'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s an overwhelming list." patient: "It is." mental health assistant: "It’s extremely long. I don’ t think I’d realized he’d written it also about himself. So what’ s it like even having sent it to me, and reading it or opening it?" patient: "I mean, I felt bad sending it to you, because I didn’ t expect you to like look it over before our session, but I also didn’ t want you to feel—  But then I thought, “At least, you know , if I’m not going to open it and look at it, or I’m not going to print it, I should at least  get it to you somehow . But I— yeah, it just brought up a ton of anxiety , like even just seeing the topic, like glimpsing the topic. I just closed it immediately .  I just like couldn’ t——but I—" ', 'therapist_result': 'So that—even that reaction is really important. There’ s a way it kind of shows what you were talking about last time we were here, how much is still frightening about all this. Like it’ s a kind of phobic PTSD kind of reaction. That means it’ s not been processed yet enough to—', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you sent me the list, and even the act of doing that, and even just seeing the subject line, created a lot of anxiety.  It sounds like you were grappling with several conflicting feelings. Can you tell me more about what those conflicting feelings were?  What was it about sending it that felt bad? And what was it about not sending it that felt even worse?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah, and even just that I think you’re making a lot of  the topic. It is a huge one. Like, it’ s not, “I have an overwhelming list. What am I going to do about it?” It’ s, “I’ve got this huge thing and I’m worried about looking at it.” I think there’ s a lot in this for you in terms of the topic itself, but I think that’ s part of the topic too.  There’ s just a tremendous amount of topic in the e-mail.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Right!" patient: "There’ s a whole file describing how he was going to move to New Orleans, and have a house, and get two dogs. And he like, “That was just, you know , that was a self-punishing type of thing. I was so sad that I was going to be alone, and that I wasn’ t going to have anything.” And I said, “It doesn’ t sounds as destitute as that if you’re going to get a new job and get a house. And it doesn’ t actually sound like ‘I’m going to go live like in a small apartment and continue to work at Subway forever .’ It doesn’ t sound like a depressive—” I think part of the reason why I’m so anxious about talking about it with Ivan, especially alone, is because I don’ t want to be led down—" mental health assistant: "Lies." patient: "Yes! And I don’ t want to spend time buying into it, and trying to understand, and engaging in potentially just fantasy , and reinforcing it." ', 'therapist_result': 'It almost sounds like he’ s really not in a place where he’ s ready to talk about it in an honest way . The way you’re—I mean, so do you hear that to me it sounds absolutely unambiguous that it means Life After Ramona? Like it doesn’ t—I don’ t think it meant what he said later .', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you discovered a plan your partner, Ivan, had made for moving to New Orleans – a plan that included a house and dogs.  You’re feeling anxious about discussing this with him directly, especially alone, because you're concerned it might be a form of self-punishment rooted in sadness and loneliness, and you don't want to get caught up in what you perceive as potentially unrealistic or even fantasy-based thinking.  Is that a fair summary of what's going on for you right now?\n\nCan you tell me more about why you feel it might be self-punishing? What specifically in the plan made you think that?\n\nAnd what makes you think it might be a fantasy? What elements of the plan seem unrealistic to you?\n\nIt makes sense that you'd be anxious about confronting this with Ivan, particularly if you're worried about being misled or spending time on something that isn't grounded in reality.  It's understandable to want to protect yourself from emotional manipulation or disappointment. Can you tell me more about what specifically worries you about engaging in the conversation with him?  What are your hopes and fears going into this discussion?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'That’s the danger . That’s the risk. Yeah, for sure. I mean, that could happen, and I think to minimize that, we need to be continually attentive to what is realistic and what isn’ t. And what you’re describing that you do quite well. I think if you’re going to describe to somebody what you’re feeling, what happens in the world around you that provokes that, I think that’ s very helpful.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Is that hard to hear? You almost want that not to be true or?" patient: "Well, of course. If I heard an alternate, of course I’d rather hear that." mental health assistant: "Yeah. It just doesn’ t—it fits so well. And the fact that he didn’ t deny it, you know? Any person at that moment would say , “Oh, no. It didn’ t mean that. That’ s not what it meant.”" patient: "That’ s—I sometimes find myself almost—it’ s wrong, but I sometimes almost find myself testing him. Like saying, “Are you sure you weren’ t looking for someone else?” And then I kind of gauge like his amount of indignation or amount of like being upset about it as whether or not it’ s genuine. Sometimes I get worried, because it doesn’ t seem like he’ s as upset about it.  But we’ve also talked about it a few times. It’ s not like —I don’ t know . That’ s not really fair , but I’m that I guess desperate to figure out exactly what was going on." ', 'therapist_result': 'I mean, even if we assume it did stand for Life After Ramona —and it’ s incredibly hurtful—I mean, I just think it’ s helpful to begin to sort of, for you to even sort of say to yourself what it is. You know what I mean? And just be in that. And be in that he is probably , it seems, lying to you about some of these things. That doesn’ t have to mean the end of your marriage. Right? I mean, it— Ivan is incredibly shame-prone. And he is incredibly oriented towards covering something up so as to avoid the shame of the truth.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling a lot of uncertainty and it\'s understandably causing you distress.  You\'re grappling with the possibility of infidelity, and the fact that he didn\'t outright deny it is making things even harder.  It sounds like you\'re experiencing a lot of conflicting emotions.\n\nYou mentioned feeling it\'s "wrong" to test him, but you find yourself doing it anyway.  Can you tell me more about why you feel it\'s wrong, and what\'s driving you to do it despite that feeling?  What\'s the hope you have in getting a certain reaction from him?\n\nYou also said you\'re desperate to figure out exactly what happened.  That\'s completely understandable.  What specifically is it about knowing "exactly what was going on" that you feel would bring you some peace or clarity? What would that clarity look like for you?\n\nYou mentioned that you\'ve talked about it a few times, and his reaction isn\'t what you\'d expect or hope for, leaving you feeling unsure.  Can you describe what his reaction is, and how it makes you feel?  And what makes you think that his reaction *should* be different?\n\nFinally, you said that maybe it\'s not fair to test him, that it\'s a desperate measure.  Can you explore what you think is unfair about your testing and what other options you might have for dealing with your feelings of uncertainty and worry, besides testing him?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Well, I think that there’ s also a way in which that doubt kind of keeps you from being really present with it. So to the extent that you’re not present with the betrayal , you also are not present with what he actually is present with. That may be part of why he didn’ t deny it. Because he was so present with it. He didn’ t even think about denying it. And your not being fully present with it means you may not be as clear as you might be with how he’ s responding and what it means.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah. It just doesn’ t—it fits so well. And the fact that he didn’ t deny it, you know? Any person at that moment would say , “Oh, no. It didn’ t mean that. That’ s not what it meant.”" patient: "That’ s—I sometimes find myself almost—it’ s wrong, but I sometimes almost find myself testing him. Like saying, “Are you sure you weren’ t looking for someone else?” And then I kind of gauge like his amount of indignation or amount of like being upset about it as whether or not it’ s genuine. Sometimes I get worried, because it doesn’ t seem like he’ s as upset about it.  But we’ve also talked about it a few times. It’ s not like —I don’ t know . That’ s not really fair , but I’m that I guess desperate to figure out exactly what was going on." mental health assistant: "I mean, even if we assume it did stand for Life After Ramona —and it’ s incredibly hurtful—I mean, I just think it’ s helpful to begin to sort of, for you to even sort of say to yourself what it is. You know what I mean? And just be in that. And be in that he is probably , it seems, lying to you about some of these things. That doesn’ t have to mean the end of your marriage. Right? I mean, it— Ivan is incredibly shame-prone. And he is incredibly oriented towards covering something up so as to avoid the shame of the truth." patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'So we expect—you know that’ s his vulnerability . You know that was something that was going to be—like, you know , when I said to you, “It’ s not going to be fixed overnight.” And especially around this list. It sort of makes sense that he’ s going to try to make some things up a little bit. I’m not saying that excuses it. I’m just saying, like that actually quite fits the picture with how he functions. This list probably brings more shame to him than anything else. This and the websites. And so there may be moments he’ s trying to sort of get around it, or not say something that he’ s afraid will be too hurtful or makes him feel too ashamed of himself.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'ve been feeling really hurt and confused by your husband\'s actions, specifically the "LAR" text and his reaction to your questions about it. You\'re feeling a need to test him, to gauge his response, and that\'s causing you even more distress because his reactions aren\'t always what you\'d expect if he were truly innocent.  You\'re worried, and you\'re also acknowledging that maybe your testing isn\'t entirely fair.  It sounds incredibly draining.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel like his responses aren\'t genuine?  What is it about his demeanor or words that makes you question his honesty?  And what feelings come up for you *during* those moments of questioning him?\n\nIt sounds like you\'re grappling with a lot of uncertainty and hurt. It makes sense that you’d feel desperate to find answers. Can you tell me more about what it would feel like to *not* be in this uncertainty? What would it take to feel more secure and certain in your relationship?  What’s one small step you could take today, to even slightly shift this feeling of being overwhelmed?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'So that’ s what he was doing. And so then the question is whether or not, having recognized that, having seen that, that’ s that. Is that something that you’re willing to live with? Do you want to be married to someone like that? What do you want to have—have it mean in your marriage? What kind of communication do you want to have with him? What are you willing to accept and not accept? What’ s the boundary there?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "This is why I say even if it says—if even if we sort of say it did say Life After Ramona, that’ s you know what I mean?" patient: "I do—" mental health assistant: "Like people could write—" patient: "It’s just really hurtful." ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s extremely hurtful. I’m not—there are so many reactions you’ll have to it meaning that. But I’m just—it, you know , that was occurring to me. That people could—there could be a total defensive self- protective maneuver to think Life After Ramona, if he’ s thinking you’re so fed up with him, that he thinks you’re going to leave him any day now . So he’ s protecting himself by like planning out his life without you. Do you know what I mean? Again, doesn’ t excuse it. Doesn’ t mean you shouldn’ t have tremendous amounts of feelings about this. But there are so many explanations still for what is happening inside him psychically , even though he’ s writing Life After Ramona. Do you know what I mean? And that’ s—I think the more you’re just in probably what really was. And for him, too! The more he can get with Dr . Bourd into, “Y eah, it’ s good  for Life After Ramona. And why was I writing that? Why?” You know , what was happening? Was it self-protection? Was it aggression? Was it—was he really thinking about leaving in some, you know , reality-based way? Even if so, why? You know , was he fed up with feeling criticized, but still loved you? Do you know what I mean? See how that’ s really dif ferent then like, “Ugh! I can’ t stand Ramona anymore?” How are you?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling hurt.  That\'s understandable. Can you tell me more about what specifically is hurtful about this situation?  What is it about "Life After Ramona" – or whatever the context is around that phrase – that\'s causing you so much pain?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'It really is. What’ s so—I mean we could go in a lot of dif ferent directions with this, but what I have in mind is that it’ s almost—I mean in a way that’ s sort of a similar to what I’m saying is, is that one way that people cope with a lot of these feelings is to sort of lash out, get angry , seek to be aggressive, seek to get in the end zone last minute in the game, you know? To get the girl back or to prove you’re worth, whatever it is. That’ s one way people cope with this. I’m saying another way people cope is to suppress. To kind of numb it out.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Like, yeah, overwhelmed. And now I’m even thinking—like the title of this was like SI. And he’ s like, “That’ s Self Introspection.” What if it wasn’ t Self Introspection? And I don’ t know . And it’ s just—even if it is, you know like, “Oh, she’ll leave me,” he really did make a list, a really , really long list. And some of those things —it’s just—like I can’ t. I don’ t even want to talk about it with him. Because I can’ t wrap my head around it. Because some of them are genuine, like very direct criticisms of me. Very direct. Very clear that he’ s angry about something. So I can get that. I can wrap my head around that. It seems like a really inappropriate and unproductive way to get it out. It’ s not even like he  sat down in a down in a journal and just said, “I am so angry that she was complaining that it was a really big family thing.”  It’ s not like that. And then there are things on there that are pretty compatible with me. And then there are things on there that are completely like I could never be. I will never be taller .  I will never be—you know , like just certain things on there. And then I’m like, “What is that?” That’ s the really bizarre like— [00:1 1:58]" patient: "As I’m reading—what’ s, so what stood out for you? [Do you think]  there are things that are particularly hurtful, like taller?" mental health assistant: "Yeah. Like roughly 5’3 to 5’9, I think he wrote. Which just seems like the most like cutting. Like to honestly look at someone and be like, “Y ou’re not tall enough.” He’ s never complained to me about my height. Never! Not even in a joke. Liked that I was petite. Like just never—and I’m like, “Are you kidding me?” It’ s like he—then it feels like he’ s like building, you know like a  like a Barbie. Like a—like these are the features I want. And that’ s just so dif ferent from saying , “I wish my spouse didn’ t complain about really big family gatherings.” It’ s just really , really dif ferent." patient: "It is really dif ferent." ', 'therapist_result': 'And that’ s kind of maybe what’ s hard to grapple with that  that’ s what he’ s doing. It’ s exactly the feeling I had reading the List of a Woman. This is not—he’ s not describing a human being. Do you know that? Like there’ s no person who fits that bill. No woman. No man. He—it’ s a total, total idealization. It is as though he’ s building a robot, who is perfect at this and perfect at that. And perfect at this and perfect at that. And perfect at this.  There’ s not a single human being who will fit that bill on the face of the Earth. So already , it feels like it’ s—there’ s something inside, where he’ s struggling with dealing with just humanness. Like people do get annoyed at each other ’s families in marriages all the time.  Right? Or people are different heights. Or people have lost their temper or, you know . To be a human means you can’ t have the list that [is what he has described] . It’s so in stark contrast to his list for himself. He’ s  really human. He lists his imperfections, right? He puts depression, for example. I’m trying to think of what else. But—he puts a lot of positive things about himself, too —but he put seminary dropout. You know , like it’ s actually not a self-idealization. He’ s putting himself as a human being. [As he’ s real] , perhaps a bit needy .  Averse to angry conflicts.  There are ways it feels—the self-introspective side of it feels actually quite accurate in many ways. I don’ t know if you had that sense.', 'base_result': 'It sounds incredibly confusing and upsetting to receive such a list.  You\'ve already identified some key aspects yourself, which is great.  Let\'s explore this further. You mentioned some criticisms were genuine and you understood the anger behind them, even if the method was inappropriate. Can you tell me more about what those criticisms were?  What made them feel genuine to you?\n\n\nAnd then there are these other points, like the height requirement, which seem completely out of left field. You said it felt like he was building a "Barbie,"  a specific ideal.  Can you describe what that feeling is like for you? What emotions come up when you think about that aspect of the list?  What does it make you question about your relationship or about him?\n\nFinally, you mentioned the initial confusion about the title "Self-Introspection."  How did that initial confusion contribute to your overall feelings about the list?  Is there a part of you that wonders if this list even accurately reflects his true feelings, or if there is something else going on?\n\nRemember, it’s perfectly valid to feel confused, hurt, angry, and overwhelmed by all of this.  There\'s no "right" way to feel in this situation.  Take your time, and we\'ll unpack this together.  Let\'s focus on processing these different emotions and thoughts one at a time.\n', 'finetuned_result': '[vocalized in a falsetto voice] “W ennie, Jennie, what’ s your height?” It could be that when you when you were a kid, you heard people say things about being short. [That]  it makes it when it makes it onto his list, and that you start  it may not be a conscious memory that you have, but it can nevertheless be af fected by it.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And?" patient: "And he said—he’ s like, “Y ou’re going to think I’m a pig.” And I said, “OK.” And he’ s like, “Because I wish that when we hugged like your face was closer to mine.” And I said—  I was like, “So what is that? So it’ s about me. It’ s not about me. Which is it?” He’ s like, “Oh, it’ s both.” I’m like, “How is it both?” And I told him I thought he was piggish for making a list like that, which didn’ t help. But I’m furious. And it doesn’ t make it okay to say something like that, but I’m just unbelievably furious like that it exists. And then it just feels like we can’ t talk about it, because he’ s, I feel like almost inevitably , defending it. And that inevitably is like more hurtful to me." mental health assistant: "It is not. It’ s far away from reality . You know? But what his explanations all, except for this last one sounds like actually more fits closer to probably what was in his mind at the time. But he’ s otherwise so far away from what his real intentions are, it sounds like. So it’ s hard. You can’ t talk about it. You’re only going to get kind of fantasies about it." patient: "It’s just—it feels—it just feels bizarre to me. And it’ s not like he wrote, “I wish she was taller . I wish we could, you know , I wish her face was next to mine when we hugged.” He didn’ t write that. Roughly 5’3 to 5’9. It was like as if—it would be like if I wrote an ideal weight for him." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah, that’ s—so another reaction I had to it, Ramona —and I know this is maybe hard to hear , but it felt incredibly demeaning. Not just to you, but kind of—it’ s a real objectification of a woman period. Do you know what I mean? It does feel like he’ s kind of sadistically constructing a perfect Barbie doll. And that that’ s the only woman who’ s good enough.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so it feels bizarre, and that’s a completely understandable feeling.  It sounds like you’re experiencing a real disconnect between what he said and what you expected or felt was appropriate. Can you tell me more about why it feels bizarre to you? What specifically about his comments makes you feel that way?  And what was your expectation in that moment, compared to what happened?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'That’ s what I mean. The specifics of some of those kind of things. But this one—this last one, I think, actually works better . It’ s still not going to be—the specific things about like being close or not aren’ t going to be as much. But what he wanted to say , which I think is actually an important part of what he was trying to say , but could not say . But I think it’ s a little more abstract and general .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "[He hid that]  for a long time in both instances." patient: "He said—on the list he has like someone who wants children. And I told him I thought that that was incredibly particularly cruel. Because that’ s more than I’m unhappy with my wife. That’ s more than I could be attracted to someone who was like this instead. That’ s like I want a whole life, and a whole family , and a whole—and that’ s like a whole dif ferent level. And he’ s like, “Y eah. Every time I read the list, I would stop at that one and just cry , because you’re the only one I want to have children with.” And I was like, “Really?” Then like—" mental health assistant: "He’ s feeding you lines because he doesn’ t know what to say right now about it." patient: "So what is that? Like was he thinking about like an ideal woman and that’ s part of it? I don’ t know ." ', 'therapist_result': 'So one on the things I wonder about the sequence of it. Starting with this list of it—again, leaves out a lot of things, you’re right and maybe a number of these things actually do have elements of idealizing himself still. Right? Just for the record, I don’ t mean this is a perfectly  at all, as much as I was only trying to say there he is at least—it’ s not a Ken doll he’ s describing in himself.', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're feeling really confused and hurt right now, and that's completely understandable.  His words seem to contradict his actions, and that's a very painful thing to experience.  Can you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel confused? What part of his statement feels disingenuous or untrue to you?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think he does things like that. He knows you want kids. It’ s a button pushing, anxiety provoking, hurtful thing that he can say, to both reassure himself and also to hurt you. Like, oh if I really wanted kids then I would be with him and if I really wanted a family then if I could have a family with you, so I’m not even worth a family .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So one on the things I wonder about the sequence of it. Starting with this list of it—again, leaves out a lot of things, you’re right and maybe a number of these things actually do have elements of idealizing himself still. Right? Just for the record, I don’ t mean this is a perfectly  at all, as much as I was only trying to say there he is at least—it’ s not a Ken doll he’ s describing in himself." patient: "No." mental health assistant: "Do you know what I mean?" patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'So he is—there’ s some degree of like pointing out his flaws as a person that happens in the first list. Then he moves to Woman Looking For . So what I start to wonder if there’ s a way this is a massive defense against his own feelings of inadequacy . That he feels like he is not an adequate partner for you. He’ s not a provider . He’ s not a defender . He’ s not stable. He’ s not aspiring. You know? Like there—these actually are things you’ve articulated that you would like in a partner . Right? I mean, even just having aspirations, responsible, clean. Right? So in a way , it’s a description of the things that you’re looking for that he feels he’ s not. So it starts to make me wonder is like has—was he drowning in so much of this sense of inadequacy , in your eyes? Whether that’ s what you felt or not, what he was doing with your criticism really  not, or what he’ s doing with your really appropriate judgments of the things he was not doing well. Do you know what I mean? Was feeling like, “I’m such a horrible human being that I don’ t like—I’m nowhere near what Ramona wants.” Right? And that he then goes on this kind of self-protective attack of saying, “W ell, here’ s my ideal woman.” Right? Like, “I’m going to describe now a perfect Barbie,” as a way of protecting himself from his own inadequacy . Again, none of this excuses it, Ramona. I think this list is incredibly actually bizarre. It’ s a very strange thing to have done. It’ s very atypical. Even when people go and have af fairs, they don’ t make a list like this. And extremely hurtful and cruel. And yet, I think there are ways. The explanation that makes the most sense is that he was being—going on the attack to protect his own sense of inadequacy . That is narcissistic. That’ s actually what people who are narcissistic do, for example. Like deep down, you feel so like your own worthless piece of shit, for example, so you devalue, demean, pick apart other people, because you feel like inside that’ s in some ways unconsciously what you’re doing to yourself.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you understand what I was trying to say.  That's good.  It sounds like you're processing some complex feelings and experiences.  Can you tell me a little more about what specifically resonates with you, or what part you're finding yourself struggling with right now?  What's at the forefront of your mind as we continue this conversation?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'So we have you in the narrative who’ s kind of more realistic, ambivalent, at times angry toward him. And I’m wondering a bit more about the narrative and the way it’ s moving. There was a stage, an earlier stage, that maybe wasn’ t realistic at all, maybe it was still too much in love with this guy . Who was the other person, the angry , ambivalent, a little realistic person? Was that you? Was that someone else? Where does that someone else fit in all of this? Is that the you that we’re talking about, too?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Do you know what I mean?" patient: "Yeah." mental health assistant: "So he is—there’ s some degree of like pointing out his flaws as a person that happens in the first list. Then he moves to Woman Looking For . So what I start to wonder if there’ s a way this is a massive defense against his own feelings of inadequacy . That he feels like he is not an adequate partner for you. He’ s not a provider . He’ s not a defender . He’ s not stable. He’ s not aspiring. You know? Like there—these actually are things you’ve articulated that you would like in a partner . Right? I mean, even just having aspirations, responsible, clean. Right? So in a way , it’s a description of the things that you’re looking for that he feels he’ s not. So it starts to make me wonder is like has—was he drowning in so much of this sense of inadequacy , in your eyes? Whether that’ s what you felt or not, what he was doing with your criticism really  not, or what he’ s doing with your really appropriate judgments of the things he was not doing well. Do you know what I mean? Was feeling like, “I’m such a horrible human being that I don’ t like—I’m nowhere near what Ramona wants.” Right? And that he then goes on this kind of self-protective attack of saying, “W ell, here’ s my ideal woman.” Right? Like, “I’m going to describe now a perfect Barbie,” as a way of protecting himself from his own inadequacy . Again, none of this excuses it, Ramona. I think this list is incredibly actually bizarre. It’ s a very strange thing to have done. It’ s very atypical. Even when people go and have af fairs, they don’ t make a list like this. And extremely hurtful and cruel. And yet, I think there are ways. The explanation that makes the most sense is that he was being—going on the attack to protect his own sense of inadequacy . That is narcissistic. That’ s actually what people who are narcissistic do, for example. Like deep down, you feel so like your own worthless piece of shit, for example, so you devalue, demean, pick apart other people, because you feel like inside that’ s in some ways unconsciously what you’re doing to yourself." patient: "Like he can only feel better about himself if he—if other people are less or inferior?" ', 'therapist_result': 'At least in this bubble, that’ s like the only way of protecting what he’ s—his own like really deteriorated self-esteem at this point—is to build up and say , “Well, this is the perfect image I want.” I don’ t disorder in a formal kind of way , where there are people who go about the world all the time putting and demeaning other people down. That’ s not the way Ivan is in his character . But in this bubble, there’ s a way it feels like he’ s—it’ s his desperate ef fort to protect his self-esteem. And it’ s really primitive. I mean, that’ s what I think when I say it’ s bizarre. It’ s kind of an indication of how degraded his own sense of himself is, or how kind of convoluted and complex it is, that he’d have to go through this. And that I think in some ways, Ramona, is more what is hard to grapple with, the bizarreness of it. Do you know what I mean?', 'base_result': "That's a really insightful observation, Ramona.  You've hit on a key element of what might be going on here.  It sounds like you're suggesting that his behavior is a way of boosting his own self-esteem by putting others down,  making himself feel superior in comparison.  Is that how you're understanding it?  \n\nCan you tell me more about what that feels like for you to process this realization?  What emotions are coming up as you think about his behavior in this light?  There’s no right or wrong answer here; just exploring your feelings is valuable.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yes. Yes. That if—like if he can make you be the one who’ s inadequate, then he’ s a little bit protected from what he feels on the inside, as opposed to the reality of, for example, he actually was not providing adequately for you. He was not cleaning. He was not aspiring. He was not emotionally providing in the way that you wanted. Like those things were real. I mean, he did have some issues. I think that’ s where he then could have, instead of coming to see the things that he could work on as a man, could have just felt like it was your fault. Do you know what I mean? Like, if you were just a perfect, incredibly aspiring, incredibly cleaning, incredibly emotionally attentive person.  And that’ s more about like, again, a protection of his own. He was acting out of, I think, a very painful place.  The other thing about it is it’ s not as if you—it’ s not like, if he was just some random guy and did that, you would drop him like a hot potato. He was your best friend. You’d know about his mother . You knew about his sister . You knew about his financial difficulties. I mean, there was a whole context of his life that you were—I mean, a whole context of his life that you knew about and were very much aware of. I mean, if he was just some guy on the street and did this, you’d drop him. But it wasn’ t, you know?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So he is—there’ s some degree of like pointing out his flaws as a person that happens in the first list. Then he moves to Woman Looking For . So what I start to wonder if there’ s a way this is a massive defense against his own feelings of inadequacy . That he feels like he is not an adequate partner for you. He’ s not a provider . He’ s not a defender . He’ s not stable. He’ s not aspiring. You know? Like there—these actually are things you’ve articulated that you would like in a partner . Right? I mean, even just having aspirations, responsible, clean. Right? So in a way , it’s a description of the things that you’re looking for that he feels he’ s not. So it starts to make me wonder is like has—was he drowning in so much of this sense of inadequacy , in your eyes? Whether that’ s what you felt or not, what he was doing with your criticism really  not, or what he’ s doing with your really appropriate judgments of the things he was not doing well. Do you know what I mean? Was feeling like, “I’m such a horrible human being that I don’ t like—I’m nowhere near what Ramona wants.” Right? And that he then goes on this kind of self-protective attack of saying, “W ell, here’ s my ideal woman.” Right? Like, “I’m going to describe now a perfect Barbie,” as a way of protecting himself from his own inadequacy . Again, none of this excuses it, Ramona. I think this list is incredibly actually bizarre. It’ s a very strange thing to have done. It’ s very atypical. Even when people go and have af fairs, they don’ t make a list like this. And extremely hurtful and cruel. And yet, I think there are ways. The explanation that makes the most sense is that he was being—going on the attack to protect his own sense of inadequacy . That is narcissistic. That’ s actually what people who are narcissistic do, for example. Like deep down, you feel so like your own worthless piece of shit, for example, so you devalue, demean, pick apart other people, because you feel like inside that’ s in some ways unconsciously what you’re doing to yourself." patient: "Like he can only feel better about himself if he—if other people are less or inferior?" mental health assistant: "At least in this bubble, that’ s like the only way of protecting what he’ s—his own like really deteriorated self-esteem at this point—is to build up and say , “Well, this is the perfect image I want.” I don’ t disorder in a formal kind of way , where there are people who go about the world all the time putting and demeaning other people down. That’ s not the way Ivan is in his character . But in this bubble, there’ s a way it feels like he’ s—it’ s his desperate ef fort to protect his self-esteem. And it’ s really primitive. I mean, that’ s what I think when I say it’ s bizarre. It’ s kind of an indication of how degraded his own sense of himself is, or how kind of convoluted and complex it is, that he’d have to go through this. And that I think in some ways, Ramona, is more what is hard to grapple with, the bizarreness of it. Do you know what I mean?" patient: "I can’ t wrap my—I just like I can’ t. Can’ t get an explanation that seems helpful or adequate. And I feel like I can’ t just certain pieces on that go." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think it makes sense like that you can’ t get an explanation. I think one of the reasons it’ s hard for three people even on your treatment team to explain it is that it’ s pretty strange. You know , there’ s a lot of—it feels like sort of sadism, and cruelty , and defensiveness, and attack, and belittling, and demeaning that is otherwise not where Ivan lives. Like I start to imagine, you know , how little he’ s able to confront. Imagine this as a kind of all of a sudden he finally let out all of his rage, that he’ s got to have for a lifetime of even being mad at his parents. Like I think half of this is—has nothing to do with you. Most of it has nothing to do with you. But holds inside it like this one space where he was able to let out the angry feelings that he’ s stuf fed under the rug his entire lifetime.', 'base_result': "It sounds incredibly frustrating, Ramona, to feel like you can't find a satisfactory explanation for what happened, and that some pieces just don't fit.  That's completely understandable.  It’s a very confusing and hurtful situation.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically feels inadequate or unhelpful about the explanation I offered?  What pieces don't seem to fit for you?  Is there a particular aspect that feels off or leaves you with more questions?\n\nPerhaps focusing on one specific element of confusion might help us unravel this together.  It's okay to feel lost and overwhelmed by this;  processing something this complex takes time.  We can explore this at your pace.  What part of this is currently most difficult for you to grasp?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Ok. Well, I—it’ s a—it’s a pretty exceptional thing that he did. So I mean I think that there are a lot of layers to it. Certainly one of them is a kind of projection. It’ s like saying, “No. This is what I’m looking for in a woman. And you’re not her .” That’ s not true at all. I mean, I’m sure you’re not what he’ s describing as his perfect image, like most people aren’ t. Most women, and most humans, don’ t fit this kind of very limited description of what—of his ideal. So there’ s a projection element to it, where he’ s kind of projecting his wish onto this very limited representation of a woman.  He’ s also projecting on you a devaluing of yourself.  I do think there was something about you being critical, that hurt. And he was very hurt by it. But certainly the way he was attacking you, and to be fair to him, I think he was also attacking a little bit the way you were being so distant, and out of the relationship. I mean, he was also really hurt by that. So there was a mutual element of like miscommunication and mutual attack, I think, in some ways. But I think his attack was also a way of devaluing you. And I think that’ s where some of the attack that I think actually really deeply hurt you.  Because you’re not his perfect image. And he’ s then kind of in a way protecting his self-esteem.  And I think that’ s why it’ s so hard to grapple with, because it’ s so unusual. And it’ s unusual because it reflects in a really primitive, concrete way , what somebody who’ s narcissistic does, which is to devalue other people when they’re feeling devalued themselves. And he was—I think he was really in a tank at the time he did it.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "At least in this bubble, that’ s like the only way of protecting what he’ s—his own like really deteriorated self-esteem at this point—is to build up and say , “Well, this is the perfect image I want.” I don’ t disorder in a formal kind of way , where there are people who go about the world all the time putting and demeaning other people down. That’ s not the way Ivan is in his character . But in this bubble, there’ s a way it feels like he’ s—it’ s his desperate ef fort to protect his self-esteem. And it’ s really primitive. I mean, that’ s what I think when I say it’ s bizarre. It’ s kind of an indication of how degraded his own sense of himself is, or how kind of convoluted and complex it is, that he’d have to go through this. And that I think in some ways, Ramona, is more what is hard to grapple with, the bizarreness of it. Do you know what I mean?" patient: "I can’ t wrap my—I just like I can’ t. Can’ t get an explanation that seems helpful or adequate. And I feel like I can’ t just certain pieces on that go." mental health assistant: "I think it makes sense like that you can’ t get an explanation. I think one of the reasons it’ s hard for three people even on your treatment team to explain it is that it’ s pretty strange. You know , there’ s a lot of—it feels like sort of sadism, and cruelty , and defensiveness, and attack, and belittling, and demeaning that is otherwise not where Ivan lives. Like I start to imagine, you know , how little he’ s able to confront. Imagine this as a kind of all of a sudden he finally let out all of his rage, that he’ s got to have for a lifetime of even being mad at his parents. Like I think half of this is—has nothing to do with you. Most of it has nothing to do with you. But holds inside it like this one space where he was able to let out the angry feelings that he’ s stuf fed under the rug his entire lifetime." patient: "That doesn’ t mean you have to be okay with it, Ramona. Like this, you know , it makes sense that this would be profoundly hurtful and hard to get over . That it’ s really hard to wrap your mind around every piece of this." ', 'therapist_result': 'But I do think it makes sense that it’ s a kind of bubble of rageful  feelings that came out. That I, you know , in the long run think are good for his development as a person. To get, like have the anger be more a part of his daily life when he’ s frustrated with something. Direct confronting. Confront his parents. Assert himself more. Not in this way .', 'base_result': "Ramona, it sounds incredibly frustrating and painful to be experiencing this.  You’ve said you can’t find an explanation that feels adequate, and that’s completely understandable.  This situation is complex, and there aren’t easy answers.  It sounds like you're grappling with a lot of conflicting emotions – confusion, hurt, maybe even anger.  Is there anything you'd like to explore further about those feelings? What specifically feels like the most difficult piece to understand right now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think there’ s another level to it too, besides just like a sort of a betrayal and assault. I think you were pretty public about it, you know? It seems to me like there were a lot of people, even I don’ t know exactly but I would imagine the whole clinic or a fair number of people knew . There was a kind of, you know , not even like really a break with him or something like that, and yet it was pretty out there. And I think like some of the—when I think of the kind of moralistic and belittling remarks, some of it seems like a kind of—I don’ t know if this is true—but like a way that he was being kind of vicious about it, but also I can imagine it’ s a little bit of a way of kind of getting back at you for being so out there about it, do you know what I mean? Like and kind of going out there and making it seem like you were the one being neurotic and oversensitive for being so critical of him.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "That doesn’ t mean you have to be okay with it, Ramona. Like this, you know , it makes sense that this would be profoundly hurtful and hard to get over . That it’ s really hard to wrap your mind around every piece of this." patient: "But I do think it makes sense that it’ s a kind of bubble of rageful  feelings that came out. That I, you know , in the long run think are good for his development as a person. To get, like have the anger be more a part of his daily life when he’ s frustrated with something. Direct confronting. Confront his parents. Assert himself more. Not in this way ." mental health assistant: "And you’re grappling with the question of what do you do with the fact that, at this stage at least, his way of managing angry feelings was so kind of sublimated in cruel directions." patient: "I don’ t know . And I feel——I feel so much anger , but I feel especially angry because while we’re spending so many sessions talking exhaustively about ways that I can be less critical, words that I shouldn’ t use. Like  just flat out ignoring certain things that don’ t happen and not saying a word about it. Like getting to, really kind of getting to the extreme where like things work if I shut up. And meanwhile Ivan is so much more critical in such an under ground like way . I’ve never said—like as much as I’ve gotten angry about things, I’ve never sat down and picked him apart by 75 like characteristics and just like while I’m at it I’d also like it if he was, you know— Like, that’ s what makes me—  It just feels like he and his parents sometimes have just been like I’m so critical, and I’m so judgmental, and anything to avoid reality . But then he’ s able to do this. And it’ s so much more.  [00:33:1 1]" ', 'therapist_result': 'Again, because it’ s so not what he does anywhere else in his life, it’ s like—I don’ t know how to describe this—like, you know , imagine, kids need to help their aggressions get shaped and worked into being effective in society . It’s like this part of him that is so unintegrated that it is very volatile, rageful, cruel, Like it doesn’ t sound like he’ s worked through this enough to say , “Yeah, this is this bubble of rage. And I’m so sorry it came out at you. It’ s meant for other people. And I was having a hard time asserting myself in the relationship. And this is the only way it came out, to protect myself. I couldn’ t talk to you, for example, to your face about—” Not these things on the list, but I think if you were to be able to talk about the normal things that were bothering him in the relationship, and coming and say , “Oh, well, here’ s what I want to work on,” or “I’m upset with Ramona for this,” in the couples therapy session, he wouldn’ t need—there’ s no need for going in to like sort of back channels for this kind of thing to have happened.', 'base_result': 'Ramona, it sounds like you\'re experiencing a deep sense of injustice and frustration.  You\'ve been working hard on yourself, focusing on your own communication style and self-criticism, yet you see Ivan engaging in behaviors that are far more damaging, even though he might receive less direct criticism for them. Can you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel like Ivan\'s actions are "so much more" than your own criticisms? What aspects of his behavior feel particularly unfair or hurtful in comparison to your own efforts at self-improvement?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah, I guess a way to phrase this is that you’re looking at what happened, and you are angry and hurt by it. But you’re also angry and a little disappointed in yourself for not being more able to sort of anticipate it or manage it. Like, if I had been a better , smarter mom, I could have seen it coming. Or if I had been more able to like, get in there and protect him. Like I understand how the, what Galen did was really, really bad. And I’m upset with myself for not being able to do more to stop it. Or not even for just what I didn’ t do, for never having been the kind of parent who could do that.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Again, because it’ s so not what he does anywhere else in his life, it’ s like—I don’ t know how to describe this—like, you know , imagine, kids need to help their aggressions get shaped and worked into being effective in society . It’s like this part of him that is so unintegrated that it is very volatile, rageful, cruel, Like it doesn’ t sound like he’ s worked through this enough to say , “Yeah, this is this bubble of rage. And I’m so sorry it came out at you. It’ s meant for other people. And I was having a hard time asserting myself in the relationship. And this is the only way it came out, to protect myself. I couldn’ t talk to you, for example, to your face about—” Not these things on the list, but I think if you were to be able to talk about the normal things that were bothering him in the relationship, and coming and say , “Oh, well, here’ s what I want to work on,” or “I’m upset with Ramona for this,” in the couples therapy session, he wouldn’ t need—there’ s no need for going in to like sort of back channels for this kind of thing to have happened." patient: "I’ve asked him. I said, you know , wish we could have—I wish he could confront me, you know . Like I want it to be appropriate and respectful, not like this. But I wish he would confront me and even just say like, “Oh, Ramona, you know , I get that it’ s overwhelming, but I did—I was upset a little bit that you, you know , said that, you know , 12 people for a small family gathering was lar ge for you.” Or like, “It makes me feel like you don’ t want to hang out with my family .” Or—and I don’ t know what more. You know , asking him to do that. I don’ t know what more I’m supposed—" mental health assistant: "You’re not. You’re not. You’re not. This is not on you." patient: "It’s just—it’ s so angering when you try to get someone to—and then they do this instead. And it’ s so much more hurtful then even an inappropriate, like even if you yelled at me like you never want to see my face! That would have been  less hurtful. At least it would have been direct. And it’ s worse because he never came clean and showed me this. I found it. And as much as I like  don’ t want to violate privacy , I’m so grateful. I’m absolutely , like I’m unbelievably infinitely grateful that I did, because what if he had never told me? What if it had continued? What if he added to the list every time he got angry and decided that, “No, everything’ s great. We’re not going to talk about it.” I also don’ t get it because I guess we spent—you know , we did spend a lot of sessions talking about how critical I am. But  for the times when we did talk about whatever we, you know , like the job thing or about the— Why didn’ t he even bring it into couples counseling if only to like be defensive and not want to talk about his stuf f? I just don’ t understand how . [00:36:1 1]" ', 'therapist_result': 'Because he was incapable. And I think this is what—I don’ t know that he is capable, yet, of doing that in his own development. Bringing it into your , the room, and to your face. Do you know what I mean? Like that actually requires a level of mature assertiveness that he— In front of you, in front of Dr . Farrow , maybe even in front of Dr . Bourd it’ s only , “It’s all my fault. It’ s all my fault. It’ s all my fault,” right? That’ s—he can’ t assert in front of another person. It’ s only in a private, like small bubble microcosm that he’ s able to let these feelings out. I wonder , Ramona, have you brought this list into couples therapy?  What would you think about doing that?', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're feeling a lot of anger, hurt, and confusion right now, and that's completely understandable.  Finding out about this list in such a hidden way must have been incredibly painful and violating.  Can you tell me more about what specifically made finding the list so much worse than a direct confrontation, even a harsh one?  What was it about the secrecy and indirectness that amplified the hurt?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah.  It’ s—I mean, I guess the answer is probably , “Because he doesn’ t do it ever anywhere else.” Like I mean, what you’re saying when you say you’re grateful you found it, you’re saying that what you were really wanting, what you really needed, was for him to be intact, in a way , like to be his whole self, and to have that whole self show up in a whatever , in a good way or in a bad way , and in a way that you could both deal with. And what you’re saying when you say you don’ t understand why he’ s not saying it, is that what you’re wanting, what you’re needing, is this for him to be here. And it’ s so not what he does ever . Never . And you say it’ s so not what he does ever , or I say it, that it’ s not like this back channel. You know , like there isn’ t a whole other part of him that is elsewhere.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You’re not. You’re not. You’re not. This is not on you." patient: "It’s just—it’ s so angering when you try to get someone to—and then they do this instead. And it’ s so much more hurtful then even an inappropriate, like even if you yelled at me like you never want to see my face! That would have been  less hurtful. At least it would have been direct. And it’ s worse because he never came clean and showed me this. I found it. And as much as I like  don’ t want to violate privacy , I’m so grateful. I’m absolutely , like I’m unbelievably infinitely grateful that I did, because what if he had never told me? What if it had continued? What if he added to the list every time he got angry and decided that, “No, everything’ s great. We’re not going to talk about it.” I also don’ t get it because I guess we spent—you know , we did spend a lot of sessions talking about how critical I am. But  for the times when we did talk about whatever we, you know , like the job thing or about the— Why didn’ t he even bring it into couples counseling if only to like be defensive and not want to talk about his stuf f? I just don’ t understand how . [00:36:1 1]" mental health assistant: "Because he was incapable. And I think this is what—I don’ t know that he is capable, yet, of doing that in his own development. Bringing it into your , the room, and to your face. Do you know what I mean? Like that actually requires a level of mature assertiveness that he— In front of you, in front of Dr . Farrow , maybe even in front of Dr . Bourd it’ s only , “It’s all my fault. It’ s all my fault. It’ s all my fault,” right? That’ s—he can’ t assert in front of another person. It’ s only in a private, like small bubble microcosm that he’ s able to let these feelings out. I wonder , Ramona, have you brought this list into couples therapy?  What would you think about doing that?" patient: "To be honest, I worry . Because I feel like Dr . Farrow buys—I feel like she buys a lot of his explanations. And that’ s not—I’m not questioning her skills. But I think her job is particularly difficult, because she, you know , she can’ t take sides, and she can’t— You know , just because Ivan did this horrible thing, doesn’ t mean that she then says, “W ell, everything about—like it must be what it looks like.” And I get that. And it’ s really complex. But then sometimes I feel powerless, because if he said something like, “Oh, I don’ t want to be reminded of you in the future,” she’d be like, “Oh, okay .” And I worry that that would happen. And maybe that’ s not fair . Maybe that wouldn’ t happen. Maybe she’d be like, “That sounds like an excuse.” But I guess I feel like I —" ', 'therapist_result': 'But so if you—if you say , “I would like to explain that he said that, but he earlier or after the fact, said that ‘Actually , you’re going to think I’m a pig.’“ So you need to say that to her . You need to—that needs to be said out loud, because that— There’ s not— It’ s unequivocal when you describe that. You know what I mean? It’s not—it’ s kind of hard to fight, or protest, and [see it]  a dif ferent way . I also think frankly , Ramona, reading the list, she may be inclined just to buy his excuses. It’ s hard for me to punch that gives you a sense of what you’re grappling with, what’ s going on inside him, that just is sort of data. Do you know what I mean? Rather than hearing it from you and your interpretation, or hearing it from him and his interpretation, here it is. So she can just sort of get a kind of a little bit unbiased view of it first. I think I would be helpful if she was willing to read it in advance. I know it’ s going to be hard for you and for Ivan in different ways to bring it in there, but—', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're grappling with a lot right now, Ramona, and it's completely understandable that you feel worried and powerless.  It's a really complex situation, and it's brave of you to be exploring these feelings so openly.\n\nYou mentioned feeling like Dr. Farrow might be swayed by Ivan's explanations.  Can you tell me more about what makes you feel that way? What specifically makes you think she might not fully see the impact of his actions?  What are some examples of times you felt she wasn't fully grasping the situation?\n\nYou also mentioned feeling powerless.  What specifically makes you feel powerless in this situation? Is it the fear of not being believed, the fear of what Ivan might say, or something else entirely?  Let's explore those feelings together.  It’s okay to feel powerless in the face of such a difficult situation.  In fact, it's a very common and valid reaction.\n\nFinally, you said you are grateful you found the list, but also concerned about violating privacy. This demonstrates a deep internal conflict, and both those feelings are valid.  It sounds like you are caught between your need to understand and protect yourself, and your concern for his privacy. How do you think those two needs can be balanced, or perhaps coexist in some way?  Maybe there's a way to address your concerns without feeling guilty or violating his privacy. What do you think could be those options?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I mean, I’m a little worried about—I wonder , how do you think she feels? And this is not to sort of question her . I do think she seems very capable. But I’m a little worried that in the end if he’s saying, like if he doesn’ t want to be reminded of you. I wonder also if she might go along with a little of his kind of manipulation, which I’m sure he does. Like I can see in some way he’ s playing this game, and like, “Oh, I don’ t like to be reminded of you.”'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Because he was incapable. And I think this is what—I don’ t know that he is capable, yet, of doing that in his own development. Bringing it into your , the room, and to your face. Do you know what I mean? Like that actually requires a level of mature assertiveness that he— In front of you, in front of Dr . Farrow , maybe even in front of Dr . Bourd it’ s only , “It’s all my fault. It’ s all my fault. It’ s all my fault,” right? That’ s—he can’ t assert in front of another person. It’ s only in a private, like small bubble microcosm that he’ s able to let these feelings out. I wonder , Ramona, have you brought this list into couples therapy?  What would you think about doing that?" patient: "To be honest, I worry . Because I feel like Dr . Farrow buys—I feel like she buys a lot of his explanations. And that’ s not—I’m not questioning her skills. But I think her job is particularly difficult, because she, you know , she can’ t take sides, and she can’t— You know , just because Ivan did this horrible thing, doesn’ t mean that she then says, “W ell, everything about—like it must be what it looks like.” And I get that. And it’ s really complex. But then sometimes I feel powerless, because if he said something like, “Oh, I don’ t want to be reminded of you in the future,” she’d be like, “Oh, okay .” And I worry that that would happen. And maybe that’ s not fair . Maybe that wouldn’ t happen. Maybe she’d be like, “That sounds like an excuse.” But I guess I feel like I —" mental health assistant: "But so if you—if you say , “I would like to explain that he said that, but he earlier or after the fact, said that ‘Actually , you’re going to think I’m a pig.’“ So you need to say that to her . You need to—that needs to be said out loud, because that— There’ s not— It’ s unequivocal when you describe that. You know what I mean? It’s not—it’ s kind of hard to fight, or protest, and [see it]  a dif ferent way . I also think frankly , Ramona, reading the list, she may be inclined just to buy his excuses. It’ s hard for me to punch that gives you a sense of what you’re grappling with, what’ s going on inside him, that just is sort of data. Do you know what I mean? Rather than hearing it from you and your interpretation, or hearing it from him and his interpretation, here it is. So she can just sort of get a kind of a little bit unbiased view of it first. I think I would be helpful if she was willing to read it in advance. I know it’ s going to be hard for you and for Ivan in different ways to bring it in there, but—" patient: "I’m just—I’m scared of that. And I’m also— So, Ivan is going to talk with Dr . Bourd again today about potentially me coming into a session, which wouldn’ t be in for another two weeks. Which I guess I’m annoyed about. But I even feel a little scared about that. Not because— I mean, I barely—I don’ t really know Dr . Bourd. I’ve met with him like once. But part of me is so scared to, I think honestly , like trust someone outside of you to have like an objective  or to be able to say like, “These are maybe cop out excuses.” Or—I just— and I don’ t want to engage and spend time investing in and encouraging Ivan to buy into those types of things if they’re completely not true." ', 'therapist_result': 'We had a brief exchange, Dr . Farrow , Dr. Bourd, and I, about this question of you’re going in. And I after the fact ended up having a little, some hesitation. I think Dr . Bourd has some hesitations. Just really wanting to make sure it’ s going to be helpful to the both of you to do that. And one of the concerns is that what he might say to you, if—', 'base_result': "Ramona, it sounds like you're feeling a lot of fear and frustration right now.  It's understandable that you'd be scared to share your concerns, especially when you feel like Dr. Farrow might not fully grasp the situation. You mentioned feeling powerless, and that's a very valid feeling given the circumstances.  Can you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel powerless in these interactions with Dr. Farrow and Ivan?\n\n\nIt also sounds like you're apprehensive about involving Dr. Bourd, even though it might offer a fresh perspective.  You're worried about trusting someone new to see through Ivan's explanations, and you don't want to inadvertently encourage behavior you believe to be untrue.  That’s a really thoughtful and cautious approach. What specifically makes you doubt Dr. Bourd's ability to see things objectively?  Is there something about his past interactions or his general approach that makes you feel that way?\n\n\nYou've clearly put a lot of thought and effort into documenting these events; creating the list shows you're committed to understanding what’s happening.  Your hesitation isn't about a lack of effort or commitment; it's about a deep fear of not being heard or understood.  And that fear is completely understandable. What are the worst things that you think could happen if you shared this list with Dr. Farrow and engaged in sessions with Dr. Bourd?  Let’s explore those fears together, and see if we can find ways to mitigate them.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . Well, I think there are a couple of things that we can think about there. One is that—this is your concern, and I think it is your concern, like well what if she—if she’ s not as kind to him or she’ s biased against him or she buys his excuses or something. You know , like I could hear you saying this. But that’ s actually not what you’ve described. I think it’ s more like well what if that happens? Like it’ s almost like you’re scared it will happen, but not that that’ s what you want. Is that right? Like in other words, I think there may be a bit of a distinction between what you’re scared of and what you actually would prefer . I could hear you saying that what you would prefer , frankly , is like if she’ s biased against him, you know , or is harder on him. You know , that that’ s more in line with what you would prefer . But like it’ s not where your sort of heart is.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "We had a brief exchange, Dr . Farrow , Dr. Bourd, and I, about this question of you’re going in. And I after the fact ended up having a little, some hesitation. I think Dr . Bourd has some hesitations. Just really wanting to make sure it’ s going to be helpful to the both of you to do that. And one of the concerns is that what he might say to you, if—" patient: "Who?" mental health assistant: "Dr. Bourd. If you had a private conversation, and he were to tell you what he really thought, would, might be dif ferent than what he would say in front of Ivan at this stage in their relationship." patient: "Why is that?" ', 'therapist_result': 'In other words, there may be times that—  If he’ s working right now with Ivan’ s defensiveness around it, sometimes you’re not going to immediately confront the defense, and say like, “Y ou’re wrong about this. You’re making up lies.” Right? I’m not saying—I’m reading beyond what he said. Because I don’t know . I don’ t know his full opinion about all this. But I do know that he said,—to be honest with you, this is sort of almost a direct quote—”I have a hard time buying into what he says all the time.” He says when he’ s in the room, and he’ s explaining it, it sounds convincing. But when you think about it sort of out of the heat of the moment, it still doesn’ t add up and doesn’ t make sense. So I am saying that to you because the side of what I think you might want to accomplish going in there is just hearing more of Dr . Bourd opinion. And that’ s kind of his two cents at this point. If I said to you—for example, let’ s say I didn’ t believe something you were saying—but if I just said to you, “I don’t believe you,” you might never come back again. So he [maybe put and partly]  sort of pacing himself with how to constructively , slowly , over time challenge some of the defenses. Like people’ s defenses exist for a reason. If I were to say the minute, the first day I meet someone, “Y ou’re defending yourself in this XYZ,” like people—it’ s not palatable. So he may—they may be at a place where it’ s just slow going to get to that point. He’ s not directly confronting some of it. Again, I’m extrapolating a little bit. And I wouldn’ t want him to sort of, to you get the impression that he thinks everything’ s fine, just because he’ s not directly confronting it.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like there's some uncertainty about a meeting with Dr. Bourd, and you're wondering why he might say different things depending on who's present.  That's a completely valid question.  Can you tell me more about what's making you feel that way? What specifically makes you think he might say different things in different settings?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think it’ s because, I guess I’m guessing here, but what I imagine is that he might in private, I can imagine him, to be honest, do a little more disowning or devaluing of your input. You know , it’ s like, it’ s your son. I know you think you’ve got the best interest of your son in mind, but, you know , it’ s your son. You’re kind of soft on him. Or, it’ s your personal project and I don’ t know . I’m guessing that he might have a dif ferent opinion than what he would say if it were more of an appearance of working together and being in it with you.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Dr. Bourd. If you had a private conversation, and he were to tell you what he really thought, would, might be dif ferent than what he would say in front of Ivan at this stage in their relationship." patient: "Why is that?" mental health assistant: "In other words, there may be times that—  If he’ s working right now with Ivan’ s defensiveness around it, sometimes you’re not going to immediately confront the defense, and say like, “Y ou’re wrong about this. You’re making up lies.” Right? I’m not saying—I’m reading beyond what he said. Because I don’t know . I don’ t know his full opinion about all this. But I do know that he said,—to be honest with you, this is sort of almost a direct quote—”I have a hard time buying into what he says all the time.” He says when he’ s in the room, and he’ s explaining it, it sounds convincing. But when you think about it sort of out of the heat of the moment, it still doesn’ t add up and doesn’ t make sense. So I am saying that to you because the side of what I think you might want to accomplish going in there is just hearing more of Dr . Bourd opinion. And that’ s kind of his two cents at this point. If I said to you—for example, let’ s say I didn’ t believe something you were saying—but if I just said to you, “I don’t believe you,” you might never come back again. So he [maybe put and partly]  sort of pacing himself with how to constructively , slowly , over time challenge some of the defenses. Like people’ s defenses exist for a reason. If I were to say the minute, the first day I meet someone, “Y ou’re defending yourself in this XYZ,” like people—it’ s not palatable. So he may—they may be at a place where it’ s just slow going to get to that point. He’ s not directly confronting some of it. Again, I’m extrapolating a little bit. And I wouldn’ t want him to sort of, to you get the impression that he thinks everything’ s fine, just because he’ s not directly confronting it." patient: "OK." ', 'therapist_result': 'That said, maybe this will force Dr . Bourd to actually confront some of it in a way , because you’re both in the room. You know , I don’ t know . There could be upside . But I just know he wanted to be thoughtful with Ivan about kind of pros and cons. And  likewise I want to sort of check in with you about what you hope it will do, what it might not do even though you hope it’ll do.', 'base_result': 'Okay.  "OK" can mean a lot of things.  Can you tell me a little more about what you\'re thinking and feeling right now after hearing all of that?  What specifically resonates with you, and what, if anything, feels unclear or confusing?  Perhaps focusing on your own experience of this situation might be helpful.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'So I think if you’re—if part of what you want out of this is to hear more of his opinion, I don’t think it’ s a bad thing that you’re feeling a little bit unsatisfied. Because that’ s kind of—that may be what it’ s like to be there sometimes.  Maybe a little bit of what you’re describing as sort of going nowhere, is just the process of him gently pushing on his defenses. Not giving him a lot, because it’ s too much for him to hear all at once. I’m very curious—it’ s possible that it’ s not like this at all. Do you see what I mean? This is my interpretation. It may be completely wrong.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "That would take up ten minutes of a session just reading it." patient: "I don’ t know how accurate that is." mental health assistant: "Yeah. So, I can ask him has he seen the list  or did he hear the list. It sounds like Dr . Farrow definitely has not." patient: "Nope." ', 'therapist_result': 'And I can encourage both of them to take a look because— And say—you know , this is again, I’m in some ways in your corner here,—but that you’re feeling like he’ s— There’ s an accountability that is not happening until that happens in a way that feels like you’re really getting at what this was, so you know what you’re working with, that you can’ t move forward past this.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling uncertain about the information you've received regarding this list.  That's completely understandable.  It's frustrating when information is unclear or seems inaccurate.  \n\nCan you tell me more about why you don't think the information is accurate?  What specifically makes you doubt it?  What would need to happen for you to feel more confident in its accuracy?\n", 'finetuned_result': "This is something we could address to him. It may not even take ten minutes. [00:01:01.009]  It sounds to me like you're pretty upset about it. I'm not sure if you're just saying that because you are or because you want to make a point. I'm not entirely sure. [00:01:10.121]"},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Nope." patient: "And I can encourage both of them to take a look because— And say—you know , this is again, I’m in some ways in your corner here,—but that you’re feeling like he’ s— There’ s an accountability that is not happening until that happens in a way that feels like you’re really getting at what this was, so you know what you’re working with, that you can’ t move forward past this." mental health assistant: "How would that feel?" patient: "I think that would help." ', 'therapist_result': 'What I don’ t know still is where the best place like if—certainly with Dr . Farrow I think it’ s really appropriate. And I think she’ll hear from me that I, you know , that you’re feeling like he needs to be held more accountable.  I don’ t know whether Dr. Bourd and Ivan will decide on, in their relationship is it helpful and healthy enough to have you in. Would you be open to it if they decide yes? Does that—like how do you feel about it?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you feel that a sense of accountability from both individuals involved is crucial for you to move forward. You mentioned feeling like you\'re somewhat "in their corner," suggesting you want to support them, but you can\'t progress until you have a clearer understanding of what happened and a sense that they\'re taking responsibility.  That makes perfect sense.  It\'s completely understandable to feel stuck if you don\'t feel that acknowledgement and accountability is present.\n\nCan you tell me more about what kind of accountability you\'re looking for? What would it look like to you if they were taking responsibility? And what specific steps do you envision them taking?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . I think what I’d want to say is that you’re making a choice right now, and I’m not sure why you are, to really kind of wrestle with this in a sort of superficial, dichotomous way . It doesn’ t really matter that much to me, I guess, why you are, but you are, and I think that’ s important to note that you are. I think that you’re not really going to get anywhere in the end until you kind of embrace some of the moral ambiguity that’ s really here.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "[Oh, that would—]" patient: "And it’ s not—how do I put this? When you—when we separated, when Ivan lived somewhere else for three months—and you said you need to stop talking with Dr . Bourd at all, like that was just like— I always worried, and I still worry that like he knew about the websites. He knew . Like maybe he knew about the list and never said anything. And I know that that’ s his job—" mental health assistant: "He didn’ t! Just so you know . At least—yeah, he wouldn’ t lie to me." patient: "But then I also wonder like did Ivan really have an af fair and Dr . Bourd knew about it the whole time, but he— You know , he’s doing his job. Like he’ s not allowed to say anything, but also like oh we separated, and then things never—you never just like started talking again or like, you know .  He has figured out a lot, about that. So I guess I essentially don’ t trust him a lot. And it’ s—I understand that that’ s his job, but it feels frustrating, someone trying to figure out what’ s going on." ', 'therapist_result': 'Just so you know , at least what I know about that, there are things you were telling me that Dr . Bourd didn’ t know yet. So when I would ask, “Do you—have you heard about this factor?” I would not explain any details and he would say , “Shocking. No idea,” you know .', 'base_result': "Okay, I hear you saying you're feeling frustrated and distrustful of Dr. Bourd, even though you understand it's his job to try and figure things out.  That sounds incredibly difficult to manage. Can you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel he might have known about the websites or the list, and what that feeling does to you?  What's the source of that worry?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'And also like  it’s essentially—it’ s your dad. He’ s essentially your dad. And, you know , not that your dad would have ever known or not, but even if it had come out, you know , with your dad, it wouldn’ t have been this—there wouldn’ t have been this quality of, like, “W ell, the milkman could have been your father! Or it could have been the mailman! It could have been—you know , or the uncle.” You know , there wouldn’ t have been this element of like, “And that’ s why we hate each other and never talk.” You know , it would have been a dif ferent. It would have been a sad and a painful thing.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And do you need a suit?" patient: "I need a suit for interviews; I don’ t need a suit for temp stuf f. But I’m hoping that if I apply enough I think I’ll at least get some interviews. I still have to get it tailored. But then an hour of looking after I found the suit and I could not find a single shirt that was business casual looking. They were all looking like okay we’re going on summer vacation or going clubbing or I guess those would be the two extremes but I couldn’ t find anything. There were ones that might have worked but then they had tank top sleeves and I thought that’ s not very professional looking. And I’ve already on Wednesday I went searching the second hand store and couldn’ t find anything. And then went to The Gap and couldn’ t find anything and now I’m just I found a shirt on Amazon that I think will work that comes in multiple colors so I ordered on to see if it’ll fit but I have to wait until I ordered it on Sunday and I’ll get it on Tuesday and then I’ll have two shirts if it does fit. But I’m thinking how the hell am I going to get myself professionally attired? And I really don’ t think I’m that know where to get those types of clothes especially since now I’m a shirt size lar ger, extra lar ge and, yes." mental health assistant: "Yes it could be tricky to find a store that meets your needs." patient: "Yes. I guess I could always try Target and tomorrow the only thing I have on is the we have couples counseling at 10:00 in the morning. Yes, I can’ t start working until I have things that I can wear to work. And I’m just really frustrated that this is as hard as they’re making it out to be. Do they just not expect women to work in the fashion industry? They say oh they’re clearly all supported by their husbands and go out all the time and party and therefore don’ t need business-looking clothes?" ', 'therapist_result': 'I doubt that that’ s the case. There’ s plenty of women working and wearing clothes as they do it. But it might be that you’re having trouble finding the right style for you that feels comfortable and fits in where you’re looking. Have you talked to some friends? Where do they shop? Does anybody work in an office setting?', 'base_result': "It sounds incredibly frustrating to be facing this challenge in your job search.  You've put in a lot of effort already – searching secondhand stores, visiting The Gap, and even ordering online – and it's understandable to feel discouraged when you're not finding what you need.  You mentioned feeling frustrated that finding appropriate clothing is proving so difficult. Can you tell me more about what specifically is making you feel that way?  Is it the lack of options, the time commitment involved in the search, or something else entirely?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'The other thing is that when we hear a story from your perspective it sounds less like you’re saying I need to find some clothes to work and more like I need to be able to and more like I need to feel like I can get some if I want to and more like I’m saying I have to do it on my terms in some way . And I wonder when you are looking for clothes and I wonder if it’ s just the suit and shirt issue but whether you find things that you feel like fit or look good.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Well dif ferent you may not be exactly the same size for tops as bottoms." patient: "Well [inaudible at 00:06:55] knows." mental health assistant: "Human beings are not necessarily uniform." patient: "But it’ s just -" ', 'therapist_result': 'And dif ferent styles and dif ferent makers sizing is not necessarily consistent across brands. So it is, which I know might be frustrating but trying on lots of dif ferent things. And maybe looking at some of the stores that are more specifically geared towards lar ger sizes because you might find more variety there that feels comfortable for you.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you were saying "But it\'s just..."  Can you tell me more about what "it\'s just" means to you?  What\'s making you feel this way?  It sounds like there\'s something frustrating or upsetting about this difference in sizing.  Help me understand what\'s at the heart of this frustration.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'When  you are more willing to consider and verity and tolerate dif ferent perspectives on things, you are more able to find a better fit between who you are and [vocalizing ] the part of you that wants to eat healthily and the part of you that sometimes craves unhealthy food. In my model, the healthy side of the ego is the rational, intentional, planning aspect that sets up the kitchen so that it doesn’ t have unhealthy snacks. And the unhealthy side of the ego, in this case, is the part of you that [vocalizing ] craves what it craves and will sometimes push to get it if it doesn’ t have it, like it did on Friday night. Now , Friday night wasn’ t healthy for you, but it was also a reality check because it showed you that simply trying to bulldoze over the craving without understanding it and without making room for it and making realistic plan that accommodates it, you’re going to continue to have lapses. So the Friday night is a reality check in showing you that the way you’ve been doing things, although better , is still not [vocalizing ] realistic. And hopefully , in talking about it, you become aware of how unrealistic it is and we can look together for ways to do it more realistically . So the Friday night is actually a good thing, even though it was unpleasant at the time and it was a setback.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Well I think in letting her know that you’re applying you obviously want the position; you’d be happy for any information she could provide. You can’ t ask her hey can you put in, can you tell these people to hire me?" patient: "Yes I know ." mental health assistant: "You can’ t ask her that. But I think it’ s somewhat self-evident that you would like some help if possible by letting her know that you’re applying and you have a relationship with her ." patient: "Except I’m not even sure if she remembers me at this point because last time I worked a lot of stuf f with her was Spring 2009." ', 'therapist_result': 'Well you could remind her of that. Oh I know it’ s been a while; we worked together in the spring of 2009. I noticed you’re still connected to the zoo. I’m excited to put my name in the ring for the position that’ s open now . Thanks so much for your time. You’re just refreshing memory and personalizing if you can because the system is very impersonal. And if this is an important one, you taking that extra step of reaching out and reminding any connection you have that there is a positive connection, that you have this history .', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling a bit uncertain about reaching out to her given the time that's passed since you last worked together.  That makes perfect sense.  It's completely understandable to feel hesitant after such a long time.  \n\nCan you tell me a little more about what you're feeling besides uncertainty? What other emotions are coming up for you as you consider contacting her?  And what specifically makes you think she might not remember you?  Perhaps we can explore ways to frame your contact that acknowledge the time that's passed, while still achieving your goal of getting some information.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . Sure. I mean well I could imagine it be as you know sort of three years later and she may or may not. But still I would think I mean the way she responds to you I would think I would think the fact that you would let her know that you’re interested in the job and you’re applying and I guess if she has any sort of confidence in her own work and what she’ s done with you I would think she would hope that she could, you know , even if it’ s just saying hey look I’ve let them know , you know , or I’ve passed your name along or something.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You can’ t ask her that. But I think it’ s somewhat self-evident that you would like some help if possible by letting her know that you’re applying and you have a relationship with her ." patient: "Except I’m not even sure if she remembers me at this point because last time I worked a lot of stuf f with her was Spring 2009." mental health assistant: "Well you could remind her of that. Oh I know it’ s been a while; we worked together in the spring of 2009. I noticed you’re still connected to the zoo. I’m excited to put my name in the ring for the position that’ s open now . Thanks so much for your time. You’re just refreshing memory and personalizing if you can because the system is very impersonal. And if this is an important one, you taking that extra step of reaching out and reminding any connection you have that there is a positive connection, that you have this history ." patient: "But I should frame it as an informational, saying hi and letting them know that I’m applying thing." ', 'therapist_result': 'Well I mean you might want to check go online, do a check I am not a career counselor so you can kind of look and see what are the best networking strategies when you have a past history with someone. Look for examples for what do people write on LinkedIn when they are trying to utilize connections. Maybe familiarize yourself with what the best ways are. But it does seem like if you have this connection, it’ s a loose connection, you want to position yourself to use it as best you can. And I don’ t know what the exact wording for that would be; that’ s beyond my area of expertise.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling unsure about how to contact this person, and you\'re worried she might not remember you after all this time.  That\'s understandable; it\'s been a while since you last worked together.  It\'s natural to feel a bit anxious about reaching out in this situation.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel it should be framed as "informational"? What are your concerns about being more direct? What are you hoping to achieve by contacting her?  And what\'s the worst that could happen, in your estimation?  Let\'s explore those feelings a bit.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah, just so it’ s not, ‘I need this, can you do it for me.’  It’ s more about, I’m letting you know I’m applying, it’ s just so you know . It’ s an FYI and if you have any interest, it just frames it as being more for your benefit than for your interest. But that’ s how much more you would like to work with her .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Up it popped." patient: "Yes. So I’m really glad I found it." mental health assistant: "Yes, well I hope that it goes in a good direction for you. I really do." patient: "Do you think it would be a good idea for me to try to take a temp job that lasts two to three months if I’m trying to apply but I don’ t want to be without a job so I can stay in the apartment?" ', 'therapist_result': 'I think it’ s fine because I think that in the big picture, a temp job is a temp job. And while you don’t want to be flaky and not show up for things for smaller reasons, your career and getting yourself a permanent position is your main priority . And if you take a temp job and it’s supposed to be for two to three months and you get an opportunity to take a permanent position, then you resign in as a professional a way as you can. And if you’re of fered a position, you have negotiating room for a start date at that point. So if you get of fered a position they’re not going to say and we need you to start tomorrow or you don’ t get it. They’re going to of fer you a position and you’re going to say I’m so excited; I appreciate the opportunity . I can start in two weeks. And then you give two weeks’  notice at the other job. But we’re getting a little bit ahead of ourselves because you don’ t have an of fer in hand', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling relieved that you found this potential solution –  a temporary job – to bridge the gap while you're applying for more permanent positions. That’s a really proactive approach.  It sounds like you’re juggling a few important things right now: maintaining your housing, continuing your job search, and potentially taking on a temporary role.  \n\nTell me more about why you think a temporary job would be a good fit for your current situation. What are the advantages you see, and what are some of your concerns or hesitations about taking that route?  What are your priorities right now—keeping your apartment, finding a more permanent position, or something else?  And how do you feel about the possibility of having a temporary job versus a permanent one?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'It can’ t hurt, but I wouldn’ t think of it as a crutch either . You know , it may not be a bad idea but I wouldn’ t want you to think that you have to do it.  You know , three months is a long time and you’re going to apply all that time.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yes, well I hope that it goes in a good direction for you. I really do." patient: "Do you think it would be a good idea for me to try to take a temp job that lasts two to three months if I’m trying to apply but I don’ t want to be without a job so I can stay in the apartment?" mental health assistant: "I think it’ s fine because I think that in the big picture, a temp job is a temp job. And while you don’t want to be flaky and not show up for things for smaller reasons, your career and getting yourself a permanent position is your main priority . And if you take a temp job and it’s supposed to be for two to three months and you get an opportunity to take a permanent position, then you resign in as a professional a way as you can. And if you’re of fered a position, you have negotiating room for a start date at that point. So if you get of fered a position they’re not going to say and we need you to start tomorrow or you don’ t get it. They’re going to of fer you a position and you’re going to say I’m so excited; I appreciate the opportunity . I can start in two weeks. And then you give two weeks’  notice at the other job. But we’re getting a little bit ahead of ourselves because you don’ t have an of fer in hand" patient: "Don’ t have an of fer but I do have to decide now whether or not do I tell them okay I can take two or three months position when I originally had said that when I had asked if I would be interested in shorter term things. So whether or not I tell them that when I call them up on Wednesday and see if there’ s anything." ', 'therapist_result': 'So I guess that you have a decision to make of whether you live with a little bit of the uncertainty of not knowing when you might get a position, when you might get an of fer for something full-time and can you decline politely to a temp job if something, if you get an interview for something or if you get an of fer for something.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're facing a decision about a temporary job offer, even though you're hoping for something more permanent.  That sounds like a tricky situation.  Tell me more about what's making this decision feel difficult for you. What are your biggest concerns about accepting a temporary position?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . So let’ s go back to our  conversation yesterday . You said that you’re not really comfortable with in your gut and you kind of expressed it that way yesterday , it’ s fine if I don’ t get a job that’ s a year long. But if it’ s six months, it’ s not really clear to me why you would be okay with that.  We were talking a little bit about that.  And there was a breakthrough I think in our  conversation at some point. You said, I don’ t know why it’ s okay with me. And I think that’ s important. I don’ t think that there’ s an answer to the question that I can give you or that I should even be attempting to give you. But it’ s an important realization. I think what happened is you got yourself worked up. Is that the right word?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I think it’ s fine because I think that in the big picture, a temp job is a temp job. And while you don’t want to be flaky and not show up for things for smaller reasons, your career and getting yourself a permanent position is your main priority . And if you take a temp job and it’s supposed to be for two to three months and you get an opportunity to take a permanent position, then you resign in as a professional a way as you can. And if you’re of fered a position, you have negotiating room for a start date at that point. So if you get of fered a position they’re not going to say and we need you to start tomorrow or you don’ t get it. They’re going to of fer you a position and you’re going to say I’m so excited; I appreciate the opportunity . I can start in two weeks. And then you give two weeks’  notice at the other job. But we’re getting a little bit ahead of ourselves because you don’ t have an of fer in hand" patient: "Don’ t have an of fer but I do have to decide now whether or not do I tell them okay I can take two or three months position when I originally had said that when I had asked if I would be interested in shorter term things. So whether or not I tell them that when I call them up on Wednesday and see if there’ s anything." mental health assistant: "So I guess that you have a decision to make of whether you live with a little bit of the uncertainty of not knowing when you might get a position, when you might get an of fer for something full-time and can you decline politely to a temp job if something, if you get an interview for something or if you get an of fer for something." patient: "Yes. It’ s just because the guys said oh call us, he said if you have a, are really , really , really sick or have a family emer gency . So it seems like those are the only reasons I could miss work. And I guess if they have a policy like that and are going to be ridiculous about it, they should know that people in temp jobs are applying for full-time things, then I guess I’ll have to make up the really sick or family emer gency . And I just feel so bad about doing that. I wouldn’ t obviously tell a job that I’m going to be interviewing for another job but I wouldn’ t want to have to actively lie like that. But they’re sort of forcing me to do that if I take a two to three month position like it is." ', 'therapist_result': 'So you’re going to continue to apply to permanent positions because that’ s what you ultimately want is something in your field. And if these conflicts arise then we can figure out the best way for you to manage the conflicts as they come up. But it seems you’re kind of getting a little bit ahead of yourself and getting really anxious about it because it hasn’ t occurred yet. And you can say no I won’ t take a two to three month position or you can take one and see how you can fit it in.', 'base_result': 'Okay, I hear your frustration and discomfort.  It sounds like you\'re feeling pressured into a situation where you might have to be dishonest to secure a temporary position, even though you\'re actively seeking permanent employment. That\'s a really tough spot to be in.  Can you tell me more about why you feel you *have* to make a decision now about the temporary position, even though you don\'t have a firm offer for something permanent?  What are the consequences of saying "no" to the temporary job at this point?\n\n\nAnd it sounds like you\'re feeling bad about the possibility of having to misrepresent the reason for missing work.  That\'s completely understandable. It’s perfectly valid to feel uneasy about lying, even in a situation that feels unfair. Can you describe what it is specifically about the idea of having to "make up" a reason for absence that bothers you the most?  Is it the dishonesty itself, the potential impact on your reputation, or something else entirely?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I think that you could call them up and say look, it was really important to me to be honest.  I don’ t think I had given much thought to the possibility of a temp position ending early if I received an of fer somewhere else. I really do have a lot of mixed feelings about that.  On the one hand, this is a short-term gig. I don’ t know how I would feel about working here even if this was full-time. I feel better knowing that this is short-term. I’m really anxious about finding something and I don’ t want to be unconscientious. On the other hand, this is a temp job and I don’ t have a lot of control over when I find things. And while I don’ t want to be flaky , my long-term needs are still my long-term needs.  If I get an of fer anywhere else, it’ s not because I was irresponsible. I really , really hope you’d still have me back. And I guess I’d like to know what your policy is with that. I mean, I would tell you if something came up like that. What do you say then? Is that the end of our arrangement? It’s just really important to know that. If I take a position that’s a three-month position, it’ s important to me to know if this is a long-term thing. If you call them and say I have to be honest about the context here. I’m on a temp job. It’s a three-month position. I really don’ t know what I’m going to do if I get an of fer . I’m interviewing for things. And if I get an of fer I really , really want to take it. I would just tell you about it and I don’ t know what the implications are. But I’d be very grateful if you would still have me on file. It doesn’ t sound to me like that’ s a very likely scenario that they would say no to that.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Because I just am afraid I’ll take one and then feel trapped and feel like I, it and of course the whole rest of what if I come to a really awful environment and I’m stuck there for two to three months, and get too depressed to be able to leave and rather get depressed that I’m, when I’m at work every day and feel miserable and wake up I was so bad when I was at that job but I’ve been fine at other office environments." patient: "I guess it was the job plus the lack of any socialization. And just being in the cubicle by myself with no interaction with anyone while I was doing my job because it was all through e-mail or the system." mental health assistant: "What was your social life outside of work at that time? I don’ t remember when exactly that was." patient: "I was only there a week but I didn’ t really have a social life. I think I was still in Tekiah but I think I ended up missing a rehearsal instead of going and just it was come home to eat and sleep and that was brutal." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yes. So part of it is also you were thinking about one week, which was a really intense experience. But it’ s a pretty isolated time so it might I wonder would there have been a way to accommodate to that situation? Knowing that the workday felt really isolating and in cubicles and not a lot of social interaction. If you were there a longer term would there be a way to compensate for some of that on the back end thinking about scheduling things with friends for the evenings or to try to balance it. But one week really didn’ t give you time to do that. You had the negative experience of transitioning to a new place, feeling really uncomfortable in the days while you were there and not having any time to try to figure out how to compensate for that in the time out of work. So we don’ t know what would’ve happened it we would have done the experiment of trying to arrange the other parts of your day to make up for the work part of your day that was so negative.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that the job itself, combined with the lack of social interaction, both at work and outside of work, led to a very difficult and isolating experience, even though it was only a week.  That sounds incredibly tough.  Can you tell me more about what made the lack of interaction so challenging?  What specifically felt so brutal about coming home to just eat and sleep?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Um, but I also was very tired, and you know , depressed and not very interested in it. But also I think I did for get a rehearsal the first week or so that I was back from, and from Texas, from the trip, which is very unusual, and I think that’ s because I was very tired and not very interested. I’ve been to a few funerals in the past year and a half or so, and most of them have been at the Chabad house, but a couple of them have been at, one was at a, Jack’ s funeral was at a, Catholic church, I guess, and one was at a Unitarian church. They’re both Unitarian, actually . They’re both Unitarian churches. And it was, I don’ t, there was something very striking about, especially about Jack’ s funeral, where you walked in and it was, I don’ t know how to describe it. It was very simple and it was, there were a lot of people there, but there was something about the mood and the feel of it that I found very peaceful and it was nice and not overwhelming. And something about the ceremony was very comforting, and that was unusual for a funeral. I had never experienced that.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "What was your social life outside of work at that time? I don’ t remember when exactly that was." patient: "I was only there a week but I didn’ t really have a social life. I think I was still in Tekiah but I think I ended up missing a rehearsal instead of going and just it was come home to eat and sleep and that was brutal." mental health assistant: "Yes. So part of it is also you were thinking about one week, which was a really intense experience. But it’ s a pretty isolated time so it might I wonder would there have been a way to accommodate to that situation? Knowing that the workday felt really isolating and in cubicles and not a lot of social interaction. If you were there a longer term would there be a way to compensate for some of that on the back end thinking about scheduling things with friends for the evenings or to try to balance it. But one week really didn’ t give you time to do that. You had the negative experience of transitioning to a new place, feeling really uncomfortable in the days while you were there and not having any time to try to figure out how to compensate for that in the time out of work. So we don’ t know what would’ve happened it we would have done the experiment of trying to arrange the other parts of your day to make up for the work part of your day that was so negative." patient: "I don’ t know because like I said I don’ t mind doing work. I don’ t even mind doing work the entire time and not having much time for breaks. It’ s just being so isolated and not having anyone around just made me feel miserable. And I’m not sure if socializing when I got home well even, I guess it would give me something to look forward to." ', 'therapist_result': 'Plus meet some of your needs for socialization. And also part of, I think, one of the things that we need to work on is being able to be resilient when there are things that are uncomfortable. Being able to tolerate some distress without it feeling so overwhelming. Being able to increase that because there are going to be things that are really uncomfortable. There’ll be times when you feel isolated or anxious or sad; those are parts of human experience and being able to tolerate those periods without becoming overwhelmed by them. And I think what often feels overwhelming for you is that when you’re having times like that you start to imagine that that’ s the course, not just for right then but also forever . It gets blown up to the future and that is very overwhelming. You’re thinking about feeling isolated forever or even a long period of time, months. That’ s really overwhelming. Being isolated for eight hours at a time is tolerable especially if the other times after that eight-hour workday is dif ferent. And so that’ s one of the things I think that would really work for you is being able to trust yourself that you could tolerate some of that discomfort, be resilient to it and compensate for it in other places.', 'base_result': "Okay, I hear you saying that the work itself wasn't the problem, but the intense isolation was the source of your misery.  That makes a lot of sense.  It sounds incredibly difficult to spend the entire day in such an isolating environment.\n\nCan you tell me more about what that feeling of misery felt like? What were some of the physical or emotional sensations you experienced?  And when you say you're not sure if socializing after work would have helped, what specifically makes you uncertain about that?  What are some of the things that might have gotten in the way of that, or some of the concerns you have about it?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'If one part of this is social we could say you were quite socially isolated at the time.  At the end of the summer  there wasn’ t even the distraction of work.  You were really on your own and isolated.  We could say  during this week it was really dramatic and acute and it’ s pretty hard to get used to being so isolated.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But did you hear that? You came out of work every day . Five days, one week?" patient: "Oh a week and a half." mental health assistant: "So eight workdays, seven work days? So seven days and then you said if this is what life is. Life for how long? Write and see the limits on it." patient: "Well it was going to be three months." ', 'therapist_result': 'But three months is a semester . It’s a very big dif ference between life forever , life for two months, life for two years. What you can tolerate for two months because it gets you these other things, right, because time. But being able to see it as one day at a time or five workdays at a time and then a weekend makes it a lot more tolerable than thinking that this is what life is going to be like. That’ s pretty extended.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying you endured this difficult situation for a week and a half, which translates to roughly seven or eight workdays.  You mentioned feeling like, "If this is what life is..."  Can you tell me more about what specifically made you feel that way? What aspects of those seven or eight days felt like "this is what life is," and what did that feeling encompass?  What were the most challenging parts?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Okay , let\'s stop for a minute. Let\'s stop for a minute. I want to gather our minds and be clear about this, because again, I think you\'re saying two dif ferent things to me. One is, "I feel like a failure." And the other is, "In the scheme of things, this is a minor annoyance." So on the one hand, you feel terrible about yourself, and on the other hand, you\'re saying, "Eh, it\'s not that big a deal." And I\'m a little unclear about which one you feel more. I do notice that you said "eh" with a lot more emotional impact than you said "I feel like a failure."'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So eight workdays, seven work days? So seven days and then you said if this is what life is. Life for how long? Write and see the limits on it." patient: "Well it was going to be three months." mental health assistant: "But three months is a semester . It’s a very big dif ference between life forever , life for two months, life for two years. What you can tolerate for two months because it gets you these other things, right, because time. But being able to see it as one day at a time or five workdays at a time and then a weekend makes it a lot more tolerable than thinking that this is what life is going to be like. That’ s pretty extended." patient: "Yes, that’ s true." ', 'therapist_result': 'And it can really feel like that when you’re in the midst of something that feels miserable; it can feel like it’ s forever . Being able to step back and say okay really how long do I need to put up with this? Oh I need to put up with it for 10 more days or I know that’ s not the specific example but finding ways to withstand really uncomfortable parts of life is part of life.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'ve realized that seeing this situation as a three-month period, a defined timeframe, makes it feel more manageable than if it were indefinite. That\'s a really important insight.  Can you tell me more about what specifically makes the difference between thinking "three months" versus "forever"? What feelings or thoughts arise when you consider the longer, indefinite timeframe?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . Now , I think, we need to sort of wrap things of f. I have a cou ple of points I want to make. I just want to say that a lot of this stuf f has to do with, it’s like there are a lot of little unspoken anxieties that surround your experience here, both of the counseling sessions and with like work and then the unspoken anxieties can be distracting and overwhelming and debilitating. What are those anxieties?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But three months is a semester . It’s a very big dif ference between life forever , life for two months, life for two years. What you can tolerate for two months because it gets you these other things, right, because time. But being able to see it as one day at a time or five workdays at a time and then a weekend makes it a lot more tolerable than thinking that this is what life is going to be like. That’ s pretty extended." patient: "Yes, that’ s true." mental health assistant: "And it can really feel like that when you’re in the midst of something that feels miserable; it can feel like it’ s forever . Being able to step back and say okay really how long do I need to put up with this? Oh I need to put up with it for 10 more days or I know that’ s not the specific example but finding ways to withstand really uncomfortable parts of life is part of life." patient: "Yes. There are ways of me getting out of the house and stuf f and I would have money and would not have to feel bad about stuf f or things." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yes. It’ s not learning to tolerate distress is not just for the purposes of being uncomfortable. It’ s because oftentimes there’ s another side to it, there’ s a reason like being able to keep your apartment, getting some structure to your days, feeling more independent. Those are the benefits of being a little bit more flexible in what kind of environment you can work in. You know you mentioned you have a couple’ s session coming up. This is', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're acknowledging that there are ways you can cope and get through this, even though it feels overwhelming right now. That's a really important insight.  You mentioned having money and getting out of the house would help alleviate some of the negative feelings. Can you tell me more about what those activities might be and how they would make you feel?  What specifically makes you feel bad about things currently?  What would it feel like to have those feelings lifted?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Well, some of it is that I think you’re so used to doing that, taking the job for two months, even if they’re jobs where there’ s a lot of stress and upset, at least there’ s money in your pocket. It gets you the hotel room and it gets you out of the house. I don’ t think that you’ve really tried much to get out of the house without money in your pocket. You’ve never liked it, but you’ve done it a lot, but I don’ t think you’ve tried much to do something for yourself.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yes. It’ s not learning to tolerate distress is not just for the purposes of being uncomfortable. It’ s because oftentimes there’ s another side to it, there’ s a reason like being able to keep your apartment, getting some structure to your days, feeling more independent. Those are the benefits of being a little bit more flexible in what kind of environment you can work in. You know you mentioned you have a couple’ s session coming up. This is" patient: "Tomorrow ." mental health assistant: "Tomorrow? Do you want to talk at all about what you’re hoping to get out of it, what you’re I know you asked some questions about what to anticipate before." patient: "I’m trying to figure out because it still has happened that I get really mad at Sydney . And even if I don’t say anything he knows that I’m mad because of the expression I have or something. And I want to figure out how I can deal with that in a way that he can handle because right now he seems like the only thing he can handle is me not being mad at him. But if he’ s made me upset, even if I don’ t choose to talk about it or something I don’ t really feel like I have the ability to let it go. And if I do that it’ll just build up more and come out worse a little bit later . And I feel like it’ s kind of unrealistic to say that I should never get upset with him in the first place if he’ s done something upsetting." ', 'therapist_result': 'That does seem unrealistic, right, because I mean as we just discussed discomfort, distress is part of life. And him being able to tolerate some discomfort is the same as you needing to be able to tolerate some discomfort. Do you know what he’ s hoping to get out of it? Have you talked at all about what your expectations are with each other?', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling a lot of pressure going into your couples session tomorrow.  That's understandable.  You're anticipating potential conflict with Sydney, and you're worried about your anger and how it affects him.  It makes sense that you’d feel that pressure.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically makes you angry with Sydney?  What kinds of situations usually trigger those feelings?\n\nAnd you mentioned that he seems to only handle things well when you're not mad.  That sounds difficult for both of you.  Can you describe how it feels to hold onto that anger, knowing it might erupt later? What's that experience like for you, physically and emotionally?\n\nFinally, you're right, it's unrealistic to expect never to get upset with someone, especially in a close relationship.  That's a healthy acknowledgment.  It sounds like you’re already recognizing that the challenge isn't avoiding anger entirely, but rather finding healthier ways to express and manage it.  What are some ways you've considered addressing this, even if they haven’t felt totally successful so far?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think that’ s a great question. I think it’ s something that we’ll need to look at together . I think the answer lies in both of what you just said. Yes, it is unrealistic to think that you’re going to stop having the natural human experience of being upset at your partner when he does something to hurt your feelings. That’ s going to happen. On the other hand I think you’re exactly right that letting it build up, either out of a sort of misconception about the relationship, or out of just a difficulty in naming what’ s going on and giving it structure, is a bad thing. I think the answer is somewhere in the middle. I think it’ s having the upset, it’ s being real about what upset you, it’ s not letting it build up, and it’ s being able to do that with your partner without it ending your entire relationship or devolving into the kind of interpersonal chaos you described. So I don’ t think that the project is just to try to never be upset at him, and I think you clearly are right to say that that’ s unrealistic. But I also don’ t think that’ s what you should be aiming for.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But you feel they definitely need to in order to continue the relationship?" patient: "Well yes because I don’ t want to not care about him not being upset." mental health assistant: "Do you care about him being outside of an ar gument, like now? Do you care about whether he’ s upset or does that ?" patient: "Yes. If it’ s outside an ar gument and he’ s feeling sad I don’ t want him to be feeling sad or kind of ditches when it’ s an ar gument and it’ s something that -" ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s hard to maintain both your perspective and his at the same time. Yes, that’ s really challenging. Are there things you so that’ s something that you feel like you’re assuming he needs you to change because you haven’ t really been able to talk about it with him. I mean you’ve had ar guments and that’ s maybe what you’re basing your assumption on?', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying you care deeply about his feelings, even outside of arguments.  That's really important, and it shows a lot of compassion on your part.  Can you tell me more about what it feels like when he's upset?  What specifically makes you feel you *need* him to address those feelings to keep the relationship going?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'So it’s complicated that you feel both of those things? So if they’re coming from a kind of, I guess I’m saying if they’re coming from a place of not wanting to be close to you, not caring about your emotional state then it is a problem, but if they’re coming from a place of a conflict that you’re both having that you’re both angry about, you’re both hurt about, you both have very strong feelings about, then you feel that can be useful or something. Do I have that right?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So it’ s cultural dif ferences." patient: "And I’m thinking it’ s not polite to it’ s one thing when a complete stranger asks hi how are you doing and you say fine; it’ s another thing when your girlfriend asks how are you doing and you say fine and you really mean no I’m doing really horribly . And I might ask are you sure and he says yes. And if I’m asking a second time he really should because it’ s sort of wanting confirmation because I am sort of picking up on the fact that he’s upset or something but then he tells me, and for me the word overpowers any other nonverbal evidence." mental health assistant: "So you’re really listening to the words and when there’ s a mismatch you’re going to believe the words." patient: "Yes, even though I shouldn’ t. That would be way easier if he just used the words that mean what he feels." ', 'therapist_result': 'I’ve noticed that sometimes in here the specific word choice also really matters to you. If I say something that I need to be kind of, sometimes I say things I mean in a more general way and you really focus a lot of the specifics of a situation and a particular incident that we’re discussing. Which isn’ t necessarily I’m not pointing that out to say that’ s a problem but in a relationship or in a conversation, making sure that we’re on the same page and sometimes being able to generalize can be helpful. But if I think we’re talking about something in general and you think we’re talking about a particular moment, it might lead to feeling really misunderstood or frustrated', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling frustrated because your boyfriend\'s words don\'t match what you\'re seeing and sensing from his nonverbal cues.  You\'re picking up on signs that he\'s upset, but he insists he\'s "fine."  And that\'s incredibly confusing and, I imagine, quite disheartening.  Can you tell me more about what those nonverbal cues are that make you think he\'s not "fine"?  What specifically are you observing?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'So the words themselves have a lot of power over you, powerfully in a way , more powerful than what you see.  That’ s one thing.  The second thing is that what you’re describing is a very subtle social interaction.  You’re saying that he’ s giving of f something in his body language that’ s saying I’m upset, I’m worried, I’m worried about something and you’re saying it’ s very subtle and that it’ s going to be difficult to talk about, but he’ s not saying it. He’ s saying fine. So that’ s another level of subtle social interaction, which I can imagine would be hard to talk about and the words again are overpowering. So what you’re describing is a kind of a two-level process.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s not, you’re saying or does -" patient: "Yes, it’ s not. And maybe because of course I expect there to be more boundaries between me and other people and if they ask me how I’m doing I will probably say fine even though I’m not." mental health assistant: "Yes, so you want there to be a dif ference between your partner and your therapist." patient: "It’s just instinct to have to put up a front to those things and I can do that for the time when I’m upset with someone in my day-to-day life I could probably hold it in until I get away from them or something. But if I’m around Sydney all the time I can’ t put up that front forever and it feels exhausting to have to do that. And maybe I never really had many ar guments with Dad because I only saw him two or three days a week." ', 'therapist_result': 'A lot more individual time than intimate time. Well I hope that, this is the first meeting with the couples counseling project. I hope that it feels like a good match and you’re able to develop a plan that would be helpful to you guys. Why don’ t we wrap up there for today? I need to check in with you about next week because I unfortunately need to have some medical tests that are going to get in the way of our session.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling exhausted from having to maintain a front, a kind of protective wall, around your partner, Sydney.  It sounds like this is different from how you interact with others, and you're noticing that the constant effort is draining you.  You mentioned your relationship with your Dad, and that you didn't have many arguments with him because you saw him less frequently.  That makes me wonder, what’s the difference between your relationship with your Dad and your relationship with Sydney that contributes to this feeling of exhaustion?  What specifically feels different about having to maintain that front with Sydney compared to other people in your life?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Sure. That’ s part of it. But here’ s something else. You can’ t do it with your mom. So there’ s a way in which you might be so used to shutting down when you get upset with somebody . You may be so used to just shutting down, that it takes a while for it to sort of leak out and then I think there’ s something in it with your dad.  Because of all that experience where you shut down from him as a protection to keep from the loss, actually when you get mad at people it could make them go away .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yes, so you want there to be a dif ference between your partner and your therapist." patient: "It’s just instinct to have to put up a front to those things and I can do that for the time when I’m upset with someone in my day-to-day life I could probably hold it in until I get away from them or something. But if I’m around Sydney all the time I can’ t put up that front forever and it feels exhausting to have to do that. And maybe I never really had many ar guments with Dad because I only saw him two or three days a week." mental health assistant: "A lot more individual time than intimate time. Well I hope that, this is the first meeting with the couples counseling project. I hope that it feels like a good match and you’re able to develop a plan that would be helpful to you guys. Why don’ t we wrap up there for today? I need to check in with you about next week because I unfortunately need to have some medical tests that are going to get in the way of our session." patient: "Okay . Hope everything is okay ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Thank you. So I have to be out in the afternoon but I could come in in the morning, which might work better for you depending on what happens with work. So we’re looking at the 19th. I could do a 10:30 or a 12:30 on Tuesday the 19th. I could do a 9:30.', 'base_result': '"Okay, I understand.  You\'re saying it feels exhausting to maintain a facade around Sydney, unlike how you might manage difficult interactions with others in your daily life. You mentioned that you rarely argued with your Dad, possibly because of limited time together.  That makes me wonder, what\'s different about your relationship with Sydney that makes maintaining this \'front\' so draining? What specifically feels exhausting about it?"\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah, it’s just I don’ t want to have to reschedule it so I’ll be sure to check in with you tomorrow or something. And I’ll keep you updated on the couples counseling. It sounds like it’ s a lot for you just to imagine being around someone like Sydney when you’re upset. It sounds like there is a lot of it.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So are you telling me why you can’ t look at things?" patient: "I can look at them. I’m telling you why it might be a waste of time to apply to them. I mean, I guess I can start with the ones that are newer ." mental health assistant: "You have plenty of time. When you were working and trying to look for a job, then your time was limited." patient: "A waste of my emotional ener gy. Which is more limited than my time is. I guess I do have all the time now, especially now that the Takeo concert is over now , so I don’ t have anything going on on Sundays or Tuesdays." ', 'therapist_result': 'So if it’ s the emotional ener gy that feels limiting, how can we make it so that it requires less energy to pursue these? Because the only way to get a job is to apply to jobs, and sometimes lots of them. And so, I think we need to find ways to make it a little bit less taxing. To make it less anxiety-producing. So that you can really apply to everything that would be an option. It doesn’ t make sense to expend ener gy applying to things that are not really options. But if something is interesting, and in your field, and open, then it’ s an option.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling that applying to certain things – jobs, maybe opportunities? – might be a drain on your emotional energy, more so than a drain on your time.  That's understandable.  Can you tell me a bit more about what specifically makes you feel it's a waste of emotional energy? What kind of emotions are you anticipating or experiencing in the process of applying?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'OK. Maybe there are a few things. First of all, it sounds like you are starting to get to know the ropes a little better . So you feel less lost now in the system. And you are a little bit better at keeping track of who you’ve talked to and what the next step is. And I imagine that the longer you do this, the more confidence you’ll have in navigating it.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You’re probably less likely . If you know he’ s here with the car , you’re less likely to do that, right? You want to make it something that it’ s easy to say yes to." patient: "Yeah, maybe like in the middle of the week, getting bubble tea. That would probably be worth it. Then" mental health assistant: "Yeah, so if you made that the scheduled, and then you’re maybe ready for therapy , or for tonight’ s day, it’s an extra bonus walk to the tea." patient: "It feels like it’ s not enough since it’ s only like a 10 minute walk." ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s not enough to lose the weight quickly , but it’ s more than what you’re doing now . And what we want to avoid is for that all or nothing category . You sometimes set yourself up, because if it’ s not enough to reach the final goal, it feels like it’ s not worth doing at all. And you really want to build in, it’ s more than you’re doing now , so it’ s a step in that direction. Once you get used to doing that level, it’ s easier to add more. It’ s very unlikely that you’re going to maintain a drastic change. So, if you want to maintain these changes, which is what you really need to do, right? Because it really needs to be a lifestyle change. But people don’ t really dramatically change their lifestyles, and keep it by doing it all at once. The way you can make it a consistent change is by doing little things that you get used to, and then that just feels like that’ s the status quo. I always get out my door and walk to tea, rather than jump on the bus. When it feels like the status quo, it’ s really easy to do. So making these smaller changes that you can practice until they feel normal. And then, you can make another little change that you practice until it feels normal. And that way it doesn’ t feel taxing, it doesn’ t feel like you’re depriving yourself of things. It just feels normal, and then you really see the dif ference.', 'base_result': "Okay, I hear you saying that a ten-minute walk for bubble tea feels insufficient to counter whatever you're dealing with right now.  That's understandable.  It sounds like you're feeling quite overwhelmed. Can you tell me more about what makes you feel like it's not enough?  What are you hoping to achieve or feel differently, that a ten-minute walk doesn't seem to offer?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think that’s what it feels like. I think in the short run, you’re probably okay . I think that in the long run, that’ s not going to be okay , and so it’ s worth it to me to try to think with you about how to make it be more like what you want, and I think what you want is to be more active. It’ s just that if you’re not okay with it, that’ s a dif ferent story . So if the only thing is a 10 minute walk, and it’ s a 10 minute walk you’re okay with, and it’ s okay with him, then that’ s fine. If that’ s not what you want, let’ s talk about what else you want. We can also do the same thing with the bubble tea. We can say , hey , I’m okay with this schedule, but it’ s kind of a bummer that I have to walk over for bubble tea first. How do we make this more what I want? Maybe it’ s, we go over , we have bubble tea, and then I come back here, or something like that. You’re with him. You’re with him. We’re just in a dif ferent sort of place than where you are now .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Sure. Yeah, because you feel frustrated." patient: "Yeah, like in the end. It wasn’ t this time, but I think Wednesday , I thought I had something on Thursday morning, which I didn’ t end up having. But I wanted to go to sleep at a decent hour . He was taking forever and doing something, and it just turned into -" mental health assistant: "And you don’ t feel like you can go to sleep without him?" patient: "Well, here’ s the thing. So, Wednesday night. Sydney’ s car has a Wallingford permit. My house is in New Haven. Across the street and down a block is Wallingford. So I have a guest pass for New Haven, which can work three days in a row , and then. So it resets on Sunday , because they don’t have the rules on Sunday . So what I do, so Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday in New Haven, Thursday over in Wallingford. And then Friday , Saturday , back in New Haven. But that day we had gotten a call from the city of Wallingford that had said that two people had recently been assaulted walking back from Belmont. I had rehearsal on Wednesday night, not swing dancing. I had drove there, drove back. The original plan was I was going to pick him up at my place, and we were going to park in Wallingford together and walk back. But he ended up not being able to do that. He was going to, eventually before we went to sleep, park the car . But I needed to keep on the lights for him, so I really couldn’ t go to sleep before he did. And then it turned into a fight about other things, too. He being frustrated with his lack of libido, and everything just came out there. I probably shouldn’ t have let it, but it did." ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s hard to keep it about one thing when you’re angry , and feeling resentful about those other things, too. Those sort of ongoing issues. How much of the time does that happen? Where a fight about one thing becomes a fight about all of those issues? Or issues in addition to the particular incident?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you’re feeling frustrated and it sounds like a lot of that frustration stemmed from Wednesday night.  It seems like the parking situation with the permits added a layer of complexity and stress to an already potentially difficult evening. Can you tell me more about how that parking situation made you feel? What specific emotions did it trigger for you?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah, okay . Sure. Well, okay , so he’ s frustrated with the way things have been going, and he’ s taking it out on you a little bit. I think you know that and you kind of deal with that, but it’ s not super -reactive. Like you don’ t get all upset that he’ s being a jerk about it. You kind of can see that it’ s something that’ s going on and you’re going to kind of, it’ s okay . You deal with it. You talk about it a little bit, but you’re not like super -reactive to it. [00:10:27]'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I’d say between 50 and 75 percent of the time." patient: "So lots." mental health assistant: "What does it mean to you that most of the time it becomes about that other stuf f?" patient: "I mean, I’ve always had a habit of grouping similar events together , and noticing patterns, and stuf f. Something became that, plus all the times before it." ', 'therapist_result': 'Well, when it’ s the same thing, it’ s a pattern. But when it goes from you said you would help me pack the car to I’m frustrated about your lack of libido, that’ s not a pattern. They’re legitimate things. They’re both things you’re concerned about. One, his ability to follow through on plans, and the issue of feeling sexually attracted to you, and being interested in sex in general, is certainly another issue about which you can have concerns. But those are not related.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that you notice patterns and group similar events together.  That's a really insightful observation.  It sounds like you're quite perceptive.  Can you tell me more about what that feels like – to notice these patterns and group things together?  What comes to mind when you think about that process?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay , and it’s more that you sort of start to see the patterns; that you don’t generally consciously sit there and do this, although sometimes you do. [00:00:27.57] But it’s more that once you start down one of those roads, it’s like you recognize it. It’s familiar ; it’s how you’ve done it before .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Right. No, it’ s a dif ference. And they’re both necessary . Sleeping and having time to yourself. Relaxation is really important. I wonder if that’ s one of the reasons you’re feeling frustrated, is that you don’ t have that time to yourself. And why it feels like you don’ t really have free time, even though you’re not working, and there’ s hours available in the days to do things. You’re not really on your own." patient: "Yeah.  A lot of the times we’ll both want to listen to something, or whatever , and that’ll cut into if I was feeling motivated to write a cover letter , or something like that. And we at least worked around it the last time, by being like, okay , can we wait until I write this cover letter . Sometimes he’ s just playing a computer game or something, in which case I have no excuse for not writing cover letters then. But none of it is alone time. I think if I he had one activity , maybe in the daytime when I don’ t have an activity . Maybe one or two days a week. Then I’d probably be good." mental health assistant: "Yeah, it sounds like you’re craving some independence. In a healthy relationship, there’ s room for that. For both people to have independence, and to choose time together . It doesn’ t sound like you’re -" patient: "I guess it’ s just the whole problem with the apartment setup, you know? There’ s the living room, which doesn’ t have a door or anything like that. There’ s the bedroom, and there’ s the bathroom. There’ s the kitchen," ', 'therapist_result': 'Right. So part of it is a space issue. The apartment isn’ t really set up for you both to be there and feel like there’ s a lot of separateness. However , you could have two people living in an apartment, and you could both have some independence, if both people were willing to give each other space. He could go out, do some more of his own stuf f. You could go to sleep independently . Except it seems like he’ s very dependent on you. The relationship has become such in that you guys rely on each other for most everything. You’ve talked in the past about feeling kind of reliant on him to do something with you. Whether it be to bring the boxes down with you for recycling, or unpack stuf f, or move the car . There’ s a lot of reliance upon each other to get tasks done or go out.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying the apartment layout is contributing to the feeling of a lack of alone time, even when you're not actively doing things together.  Can you tell me more about how the lack of separate spaces impacts your ability to focus on things like writing cover letters, or just generally having time to yourself?  What specifically makes it difficult to find that space and time within the current arrangement?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah. Okay , so one of the things I was thinking about is, it does sound like you’re worried about this, even in a subtle way , about a kind of a pull, about getting pulled into something with [person].  Not in a malicious or bad faith way , but more in a kind of a not being so aware of the other person’ s needs, or something.  Or maybe just in this period, where you’re looking to be more on your own, anyway . And I wonder if part of the, maybe one of the ways you protect against that is by pulling back some.  You know , not kind of, being less with them or less trusting, in a way . I don’ t know if that makes sense.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You can’ t control it. But you can decide whether or not you’re willing to live with it." patient: "I guess the only real way around it would just be to never do anything that relies on him again. Like, you know , instead of calling, I should have just taken the car back instead. But I wanted to get that walk in there, from Stanford Central. At the time, it felt like it was a good decision because I’m like, oh, I’m saving up the money for the cab." mental health assistant: "Mhm. It was a good decision for you." patient: "Except for the part at the end, where he could meet me at Belmont.  Yeah, we actually have our first couples’  session on Wednesday . Though I don’ t know what to expect. I don’ t know if it’ s just sort of normal" ', 'therapist_result': 'I can tell you what couples counseling is like with me . It probably bears some resemblance. In the first session, it would be a lot like the first session of an individual therapy session. Where I would ask both people to talk a little bit about why they chose to come, what was going on, what prompted them to seek therapy together . I usually let them pick who wants to talk first. So, the similarity would certainly be in that, your first session you usually talk about what your issue is. Why are you coming to therapy , what you want to get out of it. What are your goals? It feels a little bit dif ferent sometimes, because you’ll be talking in front of each other . When I do couples therapy , I never have people in the room separately . Some therapists do. So that’ s one dif ference, and I don’ t know . Who did you end up going with?', 'base_result': "Okay, so you feel like you made a good decision initially, saving money on the cab by having him pick you up, but now you're regretting that decision because of how things ended up.  Can you tell me more about what specifically makes you regret it? What happened at Belmont that makes you feel this way?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I’m not sure, but I wonder if there’ s a piece of this that’ s like, if I call him, then it’ s going to be on me a little bit if the car isn’ t ready . I mean, the reservations kind of obscure that, but actually , he’ s the one who’ s letting me out of the hook a little bit by doing the reservation system.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I guess the only real way around it would just be to never do anything that relies on him again. Like, you know , instead of calling, I should have just taken the car back instead. But I wanted to get that walk in there, from Stanford Central. At the time, it felt like it was a good decision because I’m like, oh, I’m saving up the money for the cab." patient: "Mhm. It was a good decision for you." mental health assistant: "Except for the part at the end, where he could meet me at Belmont.  Yeah, we actually have our first couples’  session on Wednesday . Though I don’ t know what to expect. I don’ t know if it’ s just sort of normal" patient: "I can tell you what couples counseling is like with me . It probably bears some resemblance. In the first session, it would be a lot like the first session of an individual therapy session. Where I would ask both people to talk a little bit about why they chose to come, what was going on, what prompted them to seek therapy together . I usually let them pick who wants to talk first. So, the similarity would certainly be in that, your first session you usually talk about what your issue is. Why are you coming to therapy , what you want to get out of it. What are your goals? It feels a little bit dif ferent sometimes, because you’ll be talking in front of each other . When I do couples therapy , I never have people in the room separately . Some therapists do. So that’ s one dif ference, and I don’ t know . Who did you end up going with?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Okay , so some therapists will do part of the time with each person separately , and then part of the time with each of them together . So I don’ t know about her method. After the first session, usually you kind of let people talk about a little bit about what happened each week, to sort of get the ball rolling. What I like to do is really observe patterns of communication. Because I think one of the things that really af fects relationships is how people talk to each other . It’s a lot of what you talk about being a problem between you and Sydney , is how can you guys really express what you’re feeling? His intolerance, or inability to tolerate when you’re angry with him, that’ s something that I would really work on. Kind of figuring out what makes it feel so intolerable to him, how are ways that you can express what you’re feeling to him that don’ t feel so toxic. And are there ways that he can also work on maybe being more open to hearing what you’re saying, and finding some techniques for that to work in both directions. Sometimes that involves practicing having ar guments in the session, with the therapist helping to maintain a level of intensity that feels safe for everybody . Does that answer some of your question?', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling a bit apprehensive about your first couples' session on Wednesday.  That's completely understandable. It's a big step, and it sounds like you're already anticipating some of what might happen based on your partner's experience with therapy.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel apprehensive?  Is it the idea of talking about your issues in front of each other? Or is it something else entirely?  Perhaps it's the uncertainty of what to expect, knowing it will be different from individual therapy.\n\nYou mentioned your partner’s description of their experience. What resonated most with you from their explanation?  And what, if anything, made you feel a bit uneasy or less certain about the session?\n\nIt sounds like you've already put a lot of thought into this, and you’re trying to prepare yourself.  That shows a lot of initiative.  Let's explore these feelings and see if we can help you approach Wednesday feeling more confident and prepared.  What are some of your hopes for this couples' therapy session? What would you like to accomplish?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'The other obvious dif ference is it’ s a lot more complicated, I’d say . It’ s harder . Because there’ s, yes, the additional person. But also, there’ s generally a lot more conflict going on, I think. Because a couple that is healthy and happy doesn’ t go to couples counseling.  It’s usually, it’ s never “we’re so happy Let’ s go get advice from a therapist!” Right? It’ s usually some kind of conflict, some kind of problem that is dragging them down. I think that’ s more stressful, particularly because, I think, most of the conflicts couples have, a couple that is in distress, is one of feeling alone. Or that the other person is against them or not seeing them or not really paying atten tion to them. And then you go into a room with this other person and you’re supposed to be getting help from this other person. I mean, those themes get played out in all sorts of ways.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Okay , so some therapists will do part of the time with each person separately , and then part of the time with each of them together . So I don’ t know about her method. After the first session, usually you kind of let people talk about a little bit about what happened each week, to sort of get the ball rolling. What I like to do is really observe patterns of communication. Because I think one of the things that really af fects relationships is how people talk to each other . It’s a lot of what you talk about being a problem between you and Sydney , is how can you guys really express what you’re feeling? His intolerance, or inability to tolerate when you’re angry with him, that’ s something that I would really work on. Kind of figuring out what makes it feel so intolerable to him, how are ways that you can express what you’re feeling to him that don’ t feel so toxic. And are there ways that he can also work on maybe being more open to hearing what you’re saying, and finding some techniques for that to work in both directions. Sometimes that involves practicing having ar guments in the session, with the therapist helping to maintain a level of intensity that feels safe for everybody . Does that answer some of your question?" patient: "I guess it’ s not like individual therapy , where you might have individual therapy for the rest of your life." mental health assistant: "Yeah, usually not. Usually it’ s shorter term." patient: "Like, is it usually a couple months? It’ s a year?" ', 'therapist_result': 'It can really vary . So it could be a few months. It could be a year . It’s usually not forever , because usually people are coming because they have a specific goal of trying to figure out whether or not the relationship’ s going to work, or figure out some techniques that they can then evolve in their lives themselves. So you can kind of work on those, get them comfortable, and move on without the therapist. Sometimes people use it as sort of checking back in. You’re going with a very specific question of: are there things we can change in the relationship to make it work? Or are these things not changeable? And therefore you don’ t want to continue. Is that correct?', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're wondering about the typical length of couples therapy, right?  It sounds like you're comparing it to individual therapy, which can sometimes be ongoing.  That's a good observation.  Can you tell me more about what makes you think it might be a year versus a couple of months? What are your expectations for the process and the outcome?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I’m honestly not sure what the time frame usually is, because I don’ t do a lot of couple’ s work. For most people, it’ s a limited time, but I’m not sure. It’s probably good to be aware that one of the ways that people can be avoidant with something is to just stretch it out an untimeliness, so if someone is avoidant with, for example,  losing their health insurance, they may call ten times and then finally call a year later . So that’ s a possibility , and it’ s good to be aware of that and not let yourself be taken advantage of.  The time frame, though, is I honestly don’ t know what the usual time frame is.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah, usually not. Usually it’ s shorter term." patient: "Like, is it usually a couple months? It’ s a year?" mental health assistant: "It can really vary . So it could be a few months. It could be a year . It’s usually not forever , because usually people are coming because they have a specific goal of trying to figure out whether or not the relationship’ s going to work, or figure out some techniques that they can then evolve in their lives themselves. So you can kind of work on those, get them comfortable, and move on without the therapist. Sometimes people use it as sort of checking back in. You’re going with a very specific question of: are there things we can change in the relationship to make it work? Or are these things not changeable? And therefore you don’ t want to continue. Is that correct?" patient: "Mhm." ', 'therapist_result': 'One thing you might set with the therapist is how long do you want to give it? And what are the markers that you would use to see if you’re being able to make progress toward making it feel sustainable. Then you can kind of set those time limits. Is that a year? Is that three months? is that two years? It’ s not forever . I know you know that. You’ve said to me it’ s not forever . You don’ t want it to be like this, you don’ t want the relationship to continue this way forever .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you've been in therapy for a year, and you're wondering if that's a typical timeframe.  It sounds like you're feeling a bit uncertain about the length of your therapy and perhaps questioning its effectiveness.  Can you tell me more about what's making you feel that way? What are your thoughts and feelings about this therapy lasting a year?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'And that’ s what I meant when I said I felt like sometimes you come because you have that question. But sometimes you’re not sure what it is you want. Or it’ s a broader question. And you’re kind of trying to use therapy to kind of figure out what the question is.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Things felt very dif ferent at the beginning." patient: "Yeah. It was just such a short period of time before he got depressed, and  is there anything I should do to, like, prepare for couples counseling?" mental health assistant: "Have you two talked together about what your goals are? Are there things that you’d be afraid to say? That might be something you want to do. If you want to be able to be honest in front of him, and not feel like you’re not saying things because he’ s there. You said you have a session on Wednesday . So sometime today or tomorrow , you might want to sit down and talk about, hey , what are your ideas about why you want to go. What do you want to get out of it? And then you can share with him what you want to get out of it." patient: "Yeah, I mean, I’m hoping he’ s not just going to say , oh, I’m going because you wanted to go. I don’ t think that’ s the case. He knows we’ve been fighting, and he does think it would be helpful, too. But I’m not sure he has any clearly articulated goals. I guess I’m just also afraid of him being, yeah, I just can’ t have this conversation right now , and that into Wednesday ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Hm. And if he does, then you’ve opened up the opportunity to talk about it before you get there. Another purpose of having the couples counseling is if the conversations are too difficult to have on your own, the therapist’ s office provides a place where you are going to address this stuf f. And the therapist can help support him in having the conversation so this stuf f doesn’ t just get pushed of f and never discussed. So, if he says no I can’ t have this conversation right now , you can honor that and say , okay , we’re going to have the conversation on Wednesday during our time.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling a bit anxious about your upcoming couples counseling session.  That's completely understandable, especially since it feels like things changed so quickly with your partner's depression.  It’s brave of you to be seeking help.\n\nYou mentioned hoping he’s not just going because *you* want to go, and that he might not have clearly articulated goals. Can you tell me more about what makes you feel that way? What specifically makes you doubt his commitment or his ability to articulate his needs?\n\nAnd you’re worried he might postpone having that important conversation until after Wednesday.  What thoughts or feelings come up when you imagine that happening?  What would that mean to you?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'So, a goal might be that you’re both going into it with some desire to get something out of it, and so if he said, I’m just not ready for that conversation, it would be okay if it would be a productive conversation, even if it was just to say , hey , this is not the time for me. I’m not ready . And it’ s better for me to be able to say that than to sit here and, you know , let it blow up. That could be a productive outcome, too. A fear might be, okay , if you’re going to do it, is he going to sort of pretend?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I hope he’ll really be able to commit and go with you. Because you can’ t do couples therapy by yourself." patient: "I don’ t really know if there’ s anything I can do to make it easier on him ahead of time." mental health assistant: "Well, you can ask him that. That’ s a very supportive thing to ask." patient: "I’ll ask him that when I see him. For some reason, I’m very nervous about this and I don’ t know why ." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think it’ s normal to be nervous. You’re meeting a new person. You haven’ t done this mode of therapy before. It’ s a scary thing to go and do because the decision of whether or not you want to stay in a relationship is a big one. You know that part of the reason you’re going to therapy is to try and answer that question for yourself. Really confronting that can be anxiety producing. Avoiding the question really hasn’ t been good for you either . I think it’ s a healthy step to try and address it with him, and make the relationship better for both of you.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling nervous about asking him about couples therapy, and you're not sure why. That's understandable.  It's a big step, and it's natural to feel apprehensive when you're dealing with something this important in your relationship.\n\nCan you tell me a little more about what's making you feel nervous?  What are some of the thoughts or feelings that are coming up for you right now?  There's no right or wrong answer here – just exploring what's happening inside.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think it’s in part because you know you’re in a very vulnerable place and you know you are going to have to take the lead a bit and that that could possibly lead to a rejection. You’re worried he’ll say no or he’ll say he’ s not ready for that. You know in general he’ s been supportive and been with you on a lot of things but he also has a strong need to be independent and self-reliant and I imagine that’ s a side of him that could be a challenge in moving forward here.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I think it’ s normal to be nervous. You’re meeting a new person. You haven’ t done this mode of therapy before. It’ s a scary thing to go and do because the decision of whether or not you want to stay in a relationship is a big one. You know that part of the reason you’re going to therapy is to try and answer that question for yourself. Really confronting that can be anxiety producing. Avoiding the question really hasn’ t been good for you either . I think it’ s a healthy step to try and address it with him, and make the relationship better for both of you." patient: "I guess it will be like a mutual thing. Me and him will both have to assess after the fact whether or not we clicked with the therapist, or if we have to...yeah. She had given me six, and since you had given me two therapists, and both of them had been busy , I ended up calling up the four out of the six in New Haven. One was full and the other three got back to me. So this is one of the three, but then there are like those other two." mental health assistant: "Might still be contenders if this one doesn’ t feel like a good match." patient: "Two of them called me back the day that I called them, but it was while I was busy doing other things. The third one, the one I ended up going with called me when I was free. I hadn’ t gotten around to calling the other ones back . I’m like, is this really a good way to but it’ s not like I want to compare people" ', 'therapist_result': 'You don’ t get that much information talking with someone on the phone. Sometimes you can get a little bit of a vibe, but you really have to sit with someone and see if it’ s a good match. Sometimes you get lucky , and the first person that you sit with feels like a good match. And if not, it’ s okay to shop around.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling a bit conflicted about how you chose this therapist.  You're wondering if the process – calling around, availability, timing – influenced your decision more than a gut feeling about the right fit.  Can you tell me more about what's making you question whether this was the *best* choice, as opposed to just *a* choice?  What specifically feels off to you about the process or the therapist so far?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think that’ s okay . If you’re still kind of unsure how you feel about him, that might be part of why you’re a little bit hesitant to get yourself into it. It might make it a little easier to get into it if you feel like you’ve found a good fit and that you’re both a little unsure. I think that’ s pretty normal. It’ s probably not going to feel to the best possible fit forever . It might take a little while to feel that way , and there’ s some anxiety around that. I think you’re still at the stage of kind of assessing and evaluating.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "What does he do when he panics, to help it go away? Or help it get under control." patient: "I don’ t think he does a good job of getting it under control either , to tell you the truth. Usually , because for me, it’ s out of nowhere. For him, it’ s because he has to do something. He really doesn’ t like deadlines, and there are lots of things that have deadlines on them, you know? You have to be at the review by X time. We have to make the seder for Passover , etcetera. So for him, it’ s like either he eventually calms down and does the thing, telling him it’ s going to be okay , or he misses the event and isn’ t panicking anymore because he doesn’ t have to do it." mental health assistant: "Right, because he successfully avoided it." patient: "Yeah, so he’ s also not the greatest at getting rid of panic, either . I guess he’ s sort of really confused by that, that my panic doesn’ t usually have a visible trigger ." ', 'therapist_result': 'But the panic feels the same, whether there’ s an identifiable trigger , or whether it feels like it’ s just out of the blue. And a lot of times, panic attacks are very much out of the blue, you know? Some people experience them in the middle of the night, when it’ s unlikely there’ s going to be an identifiable trigger . But people wake up feeling that panic. So if a mental distraction is not enough, combining some of the physical techniques that we’ve talked about. To actually work on the physical symptoms of panic. So things that help you to slow down your breathing, or sometimes warmth can be very soothing. As your mind is going in those breathing. Singing can help you to do that, right, without even thinking about it. Because sometimes you’re focusing on your breath. I know we’ve done that in here and sometimes that makes you feel more anxious because you become very aware of the bodily signs. But singing makes you control your breath. And so singing a song as you do something might help.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so it sounds like you\'re observing two different ways of dealing with panic – yours and your partner\'s.  You\'ve noticed his panic seems linked to deadlines and specific tasks, while yours often appears to come "out of nowhere."  That\'s a really important observation.  Can you tell me more about what it feels like when your panic attacks occur seemingly without a trigger?  What are you thinking or feeling in those moments before the panic starts, if anything?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'We talked last time a little bit about the relationship between your mom’ s neurosis and her eventual treatment, and how, despite being very sick, and very neurotic, she was able to, as frustrating as it sometimes was, hold onto her treatment and get better . That somehow , her neurosis wasn’ t so severe that it prevented her from getting better . This is not the case, for you, with your dad. There is no endpoint where he’ s better and he’ s treated. He’ s treated, but he’ s not better . Is that what you mean?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Okay . Can you go into a room by yourself? Or go take a shower and sing?" patient: "I guess I could go to the bathroom or something. If the shower were on, you wouldn’ t be able to hear me singing. If it isn’ t on, we don’ t have a bathroom fan or anything to hide the noise. It’ s a very small apartment." mental health assistant: "In an extreme circumstance, like if you’re feeling really panicked, it might be worth it to go hop in the shower and sing, and see if that is enough to distract you." patient: "I guess I always for get that there are physical things to do." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah, and they’re big. Because that popping back up is often because your body is still sort of ramped up. Doing some of the breath work, or seeking out some sort of physical sensation that’ s different. Whether that be warmth, or seeking out a fabric or a texture, or a soft yarn, because it can be soothing. And then can help to calm your body down. So you might want to give those a try if it pops up this week.', 'base_result': "Okay, that's a good point.  It sounds like you're realizing that sometimes we forget about simple, physical actions that can help manage difficult feelings.  You mentioned forgetting about physical things to do – can you tell me more about what that feels like when you're in that overwhelmed state?  What happens that makes you forget those options?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Do you want to talk about the panic attacks? I’m happy to, because they seem very important, or do you want to talk about what was going on when you were a boy? Or both?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Okay ." patient: "I mean, like yeah, I was very critical of myself but I don\'t see the connection." mental health assistant: "Yeah, okay . : [00:39:15 00:39:21]" patient: "I guess what I\'m saying is - : [00:39:25 00:39:32]" ', 'therapist_result': "And that seems to be a pretty important factor , is like your judgment is really intense, is really critical of how you're doing, and I guess I hear like you're worried now because it sounds like a new iteration of that and worried to see the same  and maybe a little milder .", 'base_result': "Okay, you said you were very critical of yourself, but you don't see the connection to what's bothering you now.  Can you tell me more about what you *were* critical of yourself for?  And what's happening now that makes you feel this way?  It sounds like there's something you're trying to express – can you tell me more about what you were saying before you paused?  There's no pressure to say anything you don't feel comfortable with, but I'm here to listen.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Like, okay , I guess the idea here is that, we\'ve talked a lot about, over the past month, your tendency to kind of retreat and withdraw and it seems to be, one of the things that I think is driving that in a way is feeling like it\'s your fault, that you\'re somehow failed or inadequate. It\'s like, in therapy last week when you were talking about Brian and the band practice and kind of feeling like you\'re on the outside. You know , it sounds like part of what\'s driving that is, you know , thinking to yourself, "W ell, you know , I really messed up, I hurt his feelings, I didn\'t make it to the show," whatever .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah, I guess an analogy , you know sort of like going back to the clothes. It\'s like when I first started feeling good about the way I dressed. Well, I still sort of felt like I was ugly but I never worried about it when I felt I looked nice. I could like set it aside for a second." patient: "I didn\'t really feel I was smart enough to be married to James or smart enough for James to continue to be interested in what I had to say , but you know , I was a PhD student." mental health assistant: "Yeah. I haven\'t not had to think about it all the time." patient: "I see. : [00:44:1 1 00:44:35]" ', 'therapist_result': "Yeah, well, so okay . So let's I mean I guess that's one way to express that but I don't think it's exactly right in that both the clothes and the  are I don't know , but it seems to me both things are like what you wanted in some ways but things that were important that they were actually for you, that they were things you liked.", 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that even though you were a PhD student – a significant intellectual achievement – you still felt you weren't smart enough for James, or that he wouldn't be interested in your thoughts?  Can you tell me more about those feelings? What specifically made you feel that way?\n", 'finetuned_result': "[pause]  So I guess I see it. So here's what I'm thinking as you say that. It's like you felt, I think like the whole smartness, maybe not smart enough or maybe it's more like worried about whether you were smart enough to be with James or not. Maybe you had been smart enough all along but that wasn't the worry . Maybe the worry was like more along the lines of, well, am I smart enough, does he really think I'm smart or am I just kind of giving me the line here and actually , I'm not smart enough to be with him. Like I don't mean smart in terms of cognitive ability but like, you know , intellectual, intellectual stature or something."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So, does that make sense?" patient: "It does. So I don\'t think this is the case, but . Anyway , so do we like owe you for the allowed amount from that time? From when you were a provider for the extra money there?" mental health assistant: "No. No. The recording covered it." patient: "Okay ." ', 'therapist_result': 'So like back in the day I was on Blue Cross like last year . Yeah, they would reimburse me whatever it was, like 70 bucks 74 bucks. And if we were recording I would have char ged you a co-pay , which would have been, you know , 16 bucks or whatever the dif ference was between what they were paying me in the allowed amount.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you understand that the recording covers the extra money from when I was your provider.  That’s good to clarify.  I want to make sure we’re on the same page about everything.  You mentioned something earlier, though, about not thinking something was the case, but then you shifted to the financial question.  Can you tell me more about what was on your mind before you asked about the payment?  What was that "not the case" you were referring to?  It sounds like there\'s something else you\'d like to discuss.  There\'s no pressure, but I\'m here to listen.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I was thinking about this, as we were talking about the e-therapy and the limitations, it makes me think of the stuf f with Grayson, how often his mother will say , "This is just not the right setting for this," or, "I can\'t do that, it\'s just not right." And how you really , I think, struggle with it and you\'re sad about it and it hurts your feelings and it kind of feels a little bit like you\'re not important. And I wonder if a little bit of that is what I\'m kind of saying to you with this sort of model.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I mean, what the fuck.  It\'s completely ridiculous. You can\'t say you\'re going to pay 80% and then pay 60%. Like you can\'t do that, but they do. And it doesn\'t do any good to be angry at them because it\'s a giant corporation that I can\'t do anything about. I have to call them constantly just to get them to process my claims which they\'re fucking supposed to do anyway . Like, that\'s their job. Their one job is and . So I have to call them next week and say because they haven\'t processed the last month\'s claims and they also left out a bunch of the claims from the batch that they did process and I don\'t know where those went. I can\'t control that at all and - : [00:20:03 00:20:33]" patient: "I think - : [00:20:35 00:20:42]" mental health assistant: "I imagine sort of, kind of scary fears to be on a little tear like that." patient: "Yeah. It\'s not as scary as I might expect. But yeah." ', 'therapist_result': "I think that's one of, I think it makes you feel like you have no room to maneuver and I'm not saying you have much room to maneuver in all of this but is I think you're really afraid of like how frustrated with it you are over expressing that and instead of let's say no to me, that I think you're so scared that I'm not going to react well to that that it makes you very anxious to feel that way , to feel so frustrated and angry and in some ways I think, critical.", 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'ve described feeling frustrated and helpless dealing with this insurance company.  You\'re rightfully angry about their inconsistent payments and the extra work you have to put in just to get them to do their job.  It sounds incredibly draining.\n\nYou said "it\'s not as scary as I might expect." Can you tell me more about that?  What were you expecting to feel, and how does that compare to what you\'re actually feeling?\n\nAnd what specifically about this situation makes you feel frustrated and helpless?  Is it the lack of control, the inconsistency, the time it\'s consuming, or something else entirely?  Let\'s explore those feelings a bit more.\n', 'finetuned_result': "I think it's probably more upsetting. Like, disturbing, frustrating, sort of  -  I mean, certainly not, like, I wouldn't imagine most likely it's not, like, the most fearful part of it. But I'd imagine it's the most upsetting. Like, it's a -"},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Papa used to tell me you can\'t have champagne tastes on a beer budget. Have you heard that phrase?" patient: "Laughs." mental health assistant: "I\'m not sure you have champagne tastes." patient: "does more than I do. She kind of I think we dealt with my dad dif ferently . I kind of well it\'s not really appropriate for me to want anything so I\'m just not going to want them. And she went more with thinking and planning and saving and saying, \'this is what I want.\' And she asked for a Northface jacket for Christmas when she was like 15 and, you know , it was like a $300 jacket and it was the jacket that year . And she kept telling my dad like she would wear it every day , she would wear it forever , like it would last forever , like it would be great. And she got it. And like she wore that for 12 years, like that was her jacket for the next 12 years. She wore it until we went we were on a Canada trip and it rained like, it just rained constantly during that trip and she realized like the jacket was not waterproof anymore and  jacket was not waterproof anymore and Papa\'s main jacket also was not waterproof anymore so we were all basically just like wet for a week straight. I tend to go with asking for things that are going to cause father to blow up by their being dif ferent. But then not really liking them very much. : [00:33:33 00:33:44]" ', 'therapist_result': "Oh. I guess I'm a little concerned with your proving that that's true. I think you're of f a little bit. I mean I think I understand that she wanted like an expensive jacket but I wouldn't call that champagne. It was a popular jacket. I understand if a kid wants that stuf f, you're growing up, but she wore it for 12 years. That's not champagne.", 'base_result': "Okay, so you've shared a really interesting story about your sister and your father, and how your approaches to asking for things differ.  It sounds like your sister was very deliberate and persistent in getting what she wanted, while you tend to ask for things that might lead to conflict.\n\nThat sounds frustrating and perhaps even a bit disheartening.  Can you tell me more about why you think you choose to ask for things that you suspect will cause your father to react negatively?  What are your thoughts and feelings around that?\n", 'finetuned_result': "I think it's that, Brian, it's not that you don't have desires or wants but there's a lot of fear around actually expressing them and putting them out there. I think that's partly because of growing up like you did with a parent who often didn't like what you wanted or it didn't fit with what they wanted and so you often ended up getting what they wanted instead."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I\'m not sure you have champagne tastes." patient: "does more than I do. She kind of I think we dealt with my dad dif ferently . I kind of well it\'s not really appropriate for me to want anything so I\'m just not going to want them. And she went more with thinking and planning and saving and saying, \'this is what I want.\' And she asked for a Northface jacket for Christmas when she was like 15 and, you know , it was like a $300 jacket and it was the jacket that year . And she kept telling my dad like she would wear it every day , she would wear it forever , like it would last forever , like it would be great. And she got it. And like she wore that for 12 years, like that was her jacket for the next 12 years. She wore it until we went we were on a Canada trip and it rained like, it just rained constantly during that trip and she realized like the jacket was not waterproof anymore and  jacket was not waterproof anymore and Papa\'s main jacket also was not waterproof anymore so we were all basically just like wet for a week straight. I tend to go with asking for things that are going to cause father to blow up by their being dif ferent. But then not really liking them very much. : [00:33:33 00:33:44]" mental health assistant: "Oh. I guess I\'m a little concerned with your proving that that\'s true. I think you\'re of f a little bit. I mean I think I understand that she wanted like an expensive jacket but I wouldn\'t call that champagne. It was a popular jacket. I understand if a kid wants that stuf f, you\'re growing up, but she wore it for 12 years. That\'s not champagne." patient: "Oh, I know . Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': "I don't think that when you said, you know , I just want a thing that  I think most that's not wanting things at all or that you didn't feel you had a right to ask for more expensive things, as much as you think that you didn't feel like you had the right to ask for anything at all.", 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re comparing your approach to asking for things with your sister\'s, and it sounds like you\'re feeling a bit conflicted about your own methods.  You mentioned feeling it\'s "not really appropriate" for you to want certain things. Can you tell me more about what makes you feel that way? What are the specific things you tend to ask for, and what\'s your experience been like when you do?\n', 'finetuned_result': "Well this is a little bit of a stretch and I'm fine with that but I would say [inaudible] I think you want to be right more than to have what you want. I think in this case, like to say , 'see, I told you so, I've always been right. This is what happens. It's just like my dad didn't give me the jackets I wanted and now , I can'st stand the jackers he did give me.' Or even something like a little more subtle and smaller , I guess. I don't know ."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah, yeah." patient: "That seems like a big hurdle for me to kind of get over because I don’ t really have that weird feeling like when I would come in here and sit down and you’d just kind of look at me, it’d be up to me to kind of figure out where to go with the conversation, that used to be like a big thing here, you know what I mean?" mental health assistant: "It’s something that had some sort of like tension for you?" patient: "Yeah I think it begged the question of like what should I do talking about here/are the things that we’ve been talking about for a while, are those things worth sort of assuming us talking about? Like is it silly for me to even think that’ s something worth investigating, like my parents and stuf f. In dif ferent ways I feel like I was kind of playing it out, like when I would ask you so many times “Just tell me if you think this is worthy of my thought or time?” In so many ways I feel like that was something that was really hard for me to just do something so small to like come in here and say “I want to keep talking about it.”  You know what I mean?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Mm hm. Yeah, yeah and it seems to...one thought I have is that it has some relevance to me about what you’ve been talking about regarding your dad and your mom and the kind of complications of...not only sharing your experience with them in a unfettered or unfiltered kind of way but also having them yourself in some way , you know , and because what I’m thinking about is how much, how important it was the whole, one of the issues is even getting that it’ s like between you and your mom, you and your dad, getting into what your experience was both with them and within yourself meant a whole lot. It was almost like I thought you were getting that last time really , really well was this kind of sense of a lot of reasons why you didn’ t go there, you didn’ t go there because of being very kind of aware of what impact, what ef fect it would have on others. I was thinking there’ s a certain amount that maybe your sort of saying in ways that you bring that with you, you did bring that with you here and in some ways it’ s eased or something.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling a bit lost about where to go with our sessions now.  You're saying that the previous dynamic, where you felt responsible for driving the conversation, created a lot of tension and uncertainty.  Can you tell me more about what that tension felt like? What specifically made it feel so difficult to initiate topics, especially sensitive ones like your family?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah, okay , let me see if I can follow that.   You’re saying there was some part of you that felt like it was a stretch to be talking about your parents, that it wasn’ t a very realistic thing for you to be looking into?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah.  Absolutely ." patient: "It feels kind of big I think, even just that, even saying that it’ s a thing. I don’ t even know what it is. I don’t know within the topic of my parents, their relationship, the divorce, family or something. I don’ t have anything really to say about that apart from the fact that that’ s like a component of my experience. That on some" mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "Like that’ s not something that I had before I came here. I still feel I’m not being more comfortable asserting that outside of here but..." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah and I think it’ s, what I think...I’m kind of hearing from what you’re saying is that it’ s not just the content of what you’re talking about but it’ s the actual process of trying to make sense of it that’ s important and relevant too. Your ability to come in and to say “This is where I want to start. I want to start by saying I want to think about what we talked about last time,” and having some latitude within yourself to do that, just the process of that and then it is significant in and of itself as well as getting into the feelings that are there. [00:1 1:13]', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that even acknowledging this issue – whatever it is related to your parents' relationship, the divorce, and your family – feels significant and overwhelming.  It’s a big step just to name it, even to yourself.  And you're not entirely sure what it *is* yet, only that it's a part of your experience, and something that's emerged since you've been coming here.  Is that right?\n\nIt also sounds like you feel more comfortable expressing this within this safe space than you do outside of it. Can you tell me a little more about what makes it feel safer here, and what might be making it difficult to talk about this outside of our sessions?  What's it like for you to try and put words to this feeling, even to yourself? There’s no pressure to have all the answers, just exploring it can be helpful.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'It’ s a big change I think. Like even to assert that it’ s something, even just some component of you, is a big change I think because it’ s always been presented as the opposite.  I mean in some way like even if they had been healthy about it, divorce and family matters are dif ferent and people assert themselves and assert their reactions dif ferently . I think just that there’ s this unhealthy part of it, like for you to see that it’ s something means that there’ s something to asserting it that would be scary for them.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "I don’ t really know what to say about it, I just feel...I like to feel in control of certain things, you know what I mean? I like things that let me feel like I have some ability to pull shit back. I can jump on a grenade if I have to just to kind of keep things...cool." mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "I feel like that stuf f gets... that’ s what sort of in jeopardy or something." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think actually the grenade is a metaphor , it’s something explosive and the way in which your ... this certain kind of experience that your articulating and getting into or kind of putting words to I think...I was thinking, it seemed to me like act in terms of “Where’ s he going to land, whose he going to...whose going to hit,” not to be insensitive to the events of the last week but I was thinking “Where’ s the shrapnel going to go?” you know?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling like things are getting out of control, and that\'s causing you a lot of anxiety.  You mentioned wanting to feel in control and even willing to take drastic measures to maintain that feeling of control. Can you tell me more about what specifically feels out of control right now?  What kinds of things are making you feel like you need to "jump on a grenade" to keep things cool?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . I would say a few things about that. I guess in some ways we have a dif ferent model of how this works.  I would say , ‘no, actually , you’re fine; you’re in control. You don’t have to jump on a grenade. That’ s not what I’m here for. That’ s not what we’re doing.’ But I can see how you’d feel that way . I guess from your perspective you’ve felt like control and having a way to govern the situation is what’ s kept you okay , right? You’re actually for the most part okay not because of some kind of ability to govern things but because of just the journey of getting to know yourself and getting to be more in touch with how you feel, right? I mean it’ s more a kind of a weathering of the storm kind of thing as opposed to like, ‘I’m going to control this and I’m going to do that.’'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "And it’ s a struggle for me to try to bridge that between here and like outside here. I think that’ s what I’m referring to with that metaphor , like do I have to? Should I assume that I’m still in this dynamic with my parents like when I was in grade school and I have to bring my report card home and show it to them? Or can I actually have something like this that could just be not like subject to that? Can I just have my own space here? You know?" mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "A little bit of my life that I don’ t...because I feel like that’ s ultimately what’ s in question here. I feel like all this at some point, if it doesn’ t get wrapped back into that is in question or something." ', 'therapist_result': 'Well I think just again another really , really important metaphor , the knife to the stomach, it seems to me it’ s a...I was thinking about you wanting to feel pain, your pain, to understand your pain and yet when you think about it it can feel like an act of... almost like a violent act of intrusion or invasion but you want is for him to feel some pain.', 'base_result': 'Okay, I hear you saying you\'re struggling to separate your life now from your relationship with your parents, particularly the dynamic you experienced during grade school.  It sounds like you\'re wondering if you *have* to continue that dynamic, or if you can create a space for yourself that\'s independent of their expectations and judgment – a space where your accomplishments or struggles don\'t need their immediate review or approval.  Is that a fair understanding of what you\'re feeling?\n\nAnd it seems like the fear is that if this new space, this "something" you\'re hoping to create, isn\'t eventually somehow "wrapped back into" your relationship with your parents, it might be threatened or feel invalid.  Can you tell me more about what that feels like – what exactly makes you think it would be threatened or invalidated if it remains separate?  What would that look like?\n\nI also hear the frustration and uncertainty in your voice.  It’s completely understandable to feel confused and stressed about navigating these complex feelings about independence and family relationships.  It sounds like a very significant question for you to be considering.  What part of this feels the most challenging right now?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'So I guess to answer your question, it’s like it’ s both. So like it’ s both that it exists in its own kind of world and will continue to exist and you...part of you will always be in that world and a lot has changed and to the degree that it hasn’ t you have a lot to explore. But that is one of the explorations that’ s, you know, important and productive to have here.  And it is going to change and continue to change. You know?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "A little bit of my life that I don’ t...because I feel like that’ s ultimately what’ s in question here. I feel like all this at some point, if it doesn’ t get wrapped back into that is in question or something." mental health assistant: "Well I think just again another really , really important metaphor , the knife to the stomach, it seems to me it’ s a...I was thinking about you wanting to feel pain, your pain, to understand your pain and yet when you think about it it can feel like an act of... almost like a violent act of intrusion or invasion but you want is for him to feel some pain." patient: "I don’ t know , right? I think two sessions ago, I mean I think a couple weeks ago I would probably , I think one of the things I was saying suggested that. I think I was saying “It makes me angry that he doesn’ t seem to feel any pain,” any remorse, any...he in no way seems to operate on a premise that he’ s done something. Do you know what I mean? But then I think two weeks ago when I like really recalled the moment of him crying, when he told me about my parents splitting up, it was very evident to me right then that I did not want to bring that back up.  Just thinking about it I wanted to for get it, I don’ t want any more of that. That was kind of shocking to me. I feel like that would be something I harp on and like... It goes on like the fantasies that I think sometimes I even spoken about in here, me just like letting it all out and just like destroying my dad, even just verbally sharing some of this stuf f with him. Sometimes I imagine that would be cathartic and there would be this new like existence for me or something on the other end of it. That would be revolution or something. In doing that I would overthrow this weight on my shoulder because I’ve never done that or something but I don’ t know that that’ s what I want.  I don’ t know what would be fixed." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah, yeah. I think there’ s also something more to be said about that experience you had, recollecting your father being in pain during that conversation, your fathers tears and sadness, what that meant to you. You’ve put it before as something that you find “I don’ t like to think about,” because it sounds like there’ s a lot in that.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re grappling with a lot of conflicting feelings about your dad and the pain you\'ve experienced. You mentioned feeling angry that he doesn\'t seem to feel remorse, and yet, the memory of him crying, even if it was in a different context, made you want to avoid confronting him.  That’s a powerful contrast, and it makes sense that it\'s confusing.\n\nCan you tell me more about what makes you want to both confront him and avoid him? What are some of the things you think might happen if you did confront him, both positive and negative?  It sounds like you\'re envisioning a kind of "revolution" – can you expand on what that would look like for you?  And what are you hoping to achieve by having that experience, that "new existence"? What feels most important to you in all of this?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I was thinking about...you were talking about that sort of fantasy of just saying everything and what it reminded me of was this situation with your father , where he’ s left you in this position to have to...you feel you have to sort of lie or invent or hide how you’re really feeling. You cannot tell him you’re upset about his affair or you cannot tell him it made you angry when he didn’ t pay for your college and so forth. He’ s really put you in a position where...and this is really , I think, with the exception of that moment where he does cry , he’ s never placed himself in a position to hear that from you. He’ s constantly sort of shutting you out and you’re constantly left, I think, feeling like you have to deal with it yourself.  In a way I was thinking about the question you were asking about whether it would be good for him to hear some of these things and I was thinking about how you’ve never gotten to do that, you’ve never gotten to give him back some of those things that he’ s given you or he’ s done, not just you but your family , has never been able to handle that kind of truth from you and that’ s also why I think it’ s so important for you to do it, I think in a way you’re wanting it to be...I was thinking about almost as though you’re wanting this kind of thing to happen with your father where he starts to hear it and that somehow that will fix it. Is that right?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Huh." patient: "Making sense of it, there’ s no..." mental health assistant: "When did you start wondering? When did you start having that feeling like it’ s not making sense?" patient: "I tried to make sense of this and as soon as I tried to suggest like “Oh well, maybe that’ s not what I want,” you know?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Just a thought I have about that is that first of all I understand the confusion because it seems to me like it was a time when you, the insight your referring to was like this feeling of “Y eah my...” you associated first of all your dad experience and pain with the way your mom...that your dad might experience the pain the this pain would lead to kind of like a...if your dad were to experience it it would be associated in the same way you saw your mom, the effects the pain had on your mom’ s life. Then it seems to me like pain is a very dubious thing to want anybody to have, anybody to experience.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you were trying to make sense of things, and as soon as you started suggesting alternative possibilities, like "maybe that\'s not what I want," something shifted.  Can you tell me more about that shift? What happened when you voiced that thought to yourself? What was the feeling or sensation that accompanied that realization?  What exactly made you feel like it wasn\'t making sense anymore *then*?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I think that, I think maybe one of the things that that’ s going to mean, is it’ s going to feel like I’m not really seeing you in particular , seeing you as a general problem, or a general patient or person or person who’ s neurotic. But it is, I think, it is, more the case that what you’re describing is very , very general. I mean, it’ s not, it’ s not specific to you. It is a very , very general pattern of neurosis, is to not see your interests, or to hand them over to the other person.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "When did you start wondering? When did you start having that feeling like it’ s not making sense?" patient: "I tried to make sense of this and as soon as I tried to suggest like “Oh well, maybe that’ s not what I want,” you know?" mental health assistant: "Just a thought I have about that is that first of all I understand the confusion because it seems to me like it was a time when you, the insight your referring to was like this feeling of “Y eah my...” you associated first of all your dad experience and pain with the way your mom...that your dad might experience the pain the this pain would lead to kind of like a...if your dad were to experience it it would be associated in the same way you saw your mom, the effects the pain had on your mom’ s life. Then it seems to me like pain is a very dubious thing to want anybody to have, anybody to experience." patient: "Mm hm." ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s like your sort of saying on some register in your mind your feeling the pain, the emotional pain of the divorce for your mom led to a lot of things including bodily...even in her body it was expressed, there’ s this kind of way it’ s felt that way to you, like she’ s in pain in her joints, in her ankles, hands, right?', 'base_result': "Okay, so you were trying to make sense of things, and the moment you suggested maybe that wasn't what you wanted, something shifted.  Can you tell me more about that shift? What specifically made you feel like it wasn't what you wanted?  What were you wanting, before that realization?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'It seems to me that it would be an extremely dif ferent scenario if Brian said, “Oh no, dad I’m so glad. I hope he experiences a ton of pain, it will make him a better man,” you know? I can imagine some scenario in which you say , “Oh darn, man I’m sorry . I really wish that wouldn’ t have happened to you,” you know? Or something like, or “I’m so sorry that that happened to your dad. I’m so sorry to hear that your dad experienced that.” I understand that there’ s a dif ference. I understand that there’ s a...but I guess I’m not sure what the... I’m not sure exactly what you mean. What is it? What am I missing about what you’re...'},