{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Well, the first is valuing you, for you and who you are vs. what you can do for them. Function, you said." patient: "I mean, I guess, for my mom, I’m like the child or someone she can share her meal with. So I feel like bad, I guess. But with my friend, I was like, I really didn’ t want to talk, but I felt obligated to talk, you know , even though she did seem interested and like, yeah, you’re a good writer . Yeah, you look good in that skirt, you know . Yeah, you should do this or you should do that. And she said all of these things to me, like it wasn’ t like she just kept talking about herself. But it was just like you know , like I was working on my homework and she called and I shouldn’ t have spoken to her right then, but I couldn’ t not pick her phone. So." mental health assistant: "Why couldn’ t you not?" patient: "I don’ t know like. So she’d call like Friday night or like text and I just walked in to a bar with my friends so I couldn’ t talk to her then. And then I called her over the weekend, and she wasn’ t there. We just kept missing each other , but I felt like I should talk with her . Yeah, I just feel like obligated instead of like it’ s mutual and I get something out of it or it’ s nice to talk to friends, you know . I used to think, oh I don’ t ever talk to anyone on the phone and you know , maybe the conversation lasts five minutes and it’ s all about logistics. And here I have someone to talk to for hours that’ s really...and then I’m still like why do I have to do this?" ', 'therapist_result': 'But you feel like you don’ t have a choice. Like you feel like if you want to pick up, because she’ s been trying to reach you. You don’ t feel like you can say I would love to talk, but now is not a good time. Maybe we can find a time over the next week. You don’ t feel you can do that. And then you feel like somehow she’ s put you in this position that you can’ t say no.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling a bit used, and maybe even resentful, in your relationships with both your mom and your friend.  You mentioned feeling obligated to both of them, but for different reasons.  Can you tell me more about what makes you feel obligated to your mom, compared to the feeling of obligation towards your friend? What are the specific differences that you notice?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah. Well I’d say one thing is it’ s a kind of...what you’re describing is a kind of psychological...I think it’ s in kind of psychology . I mean, I can’ t say it’ s the same with your mother , but your mother is very conditional in how she’ s in a relationship with you. It’ s based upon what you can do for her or how you’re making her look or . And it sounds like it’ s kind of hard for you to be in a relationship with someone where it’ s not conditional, but where you can be who you are, no matter what.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "What was he referring to?" patient: "Just what happened with that woman and her father . I guess he was talking to a friend and it came up because he was like, the same circle and that friend knows this woman. So, I guess, the friend was asking Chris or talked to Bryce and Chris was just saying I don’ t want to see her and then Chris told him what happened and I guess the friend was talking more like or saying something like wrong; it wasn’ t right or something. And he came and apologized that he didn’ t respond to the e-mail because she accused me and stuf f. I’m like as you know , you’re kind and you didn’ t do...I don’ t expect you to do anything dif ferent, you know . [Pause.] Just weird. Appearance like, yeah I look. So it’ s not that bad. You know like I started seeing other men because of this and I left your circle and found a new circle. So I’m doing okay . I used that as an excuse to be promiscuous or whatever . [Pause.] Are we out of time?" mental health assistant: "No. You brought up on Monday something we haven’ t really talked about very much to this point, maternity leave and the logistics of maybe how you feel about it. You might want to make sure we can talk about it today and continue to talk about it." patient: "Sure, yeah. When is the leave? [00:42:1 1]" ', 'therapist_result': 'So, assuming all goes as planned, I’ll be here through the third week of June, which is I think June a day or so a week starting at the end of July so that I would at least be able to see you once a week. But I will e- mail you probably mid-July just to let you know how things are going. And then the second week in August, I’m away that week. And then the third week I plan on coming back more like a regular schedule. So I’ll certainly be able to see you a couple of times before then. And then you’ll come back regularly the...I think it’ s the second full or third full week in August. Something like that.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're asking about your maternity leave and when it starts.  That's a big event, and it sounds like there's a lot to process. Before we dive into the specifics of dates and logistics,  can you tell me more about how you're *feeling* about this upcoming leave? What are your biggest concerns or hopes right now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'It’ s your choice. You have three options. You can take up to a year , you can take three months, you can take six months. I think it’ s paid for six months but if you take three or twelve, it’ s only paid for six months.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "We did have Skype the year before though, so we did communicate..." patient: "Yeah, because we talked about doing that because those were sessions, right. I don’ t know...because I’ve told you like I’m going away for two months. How am I supposed to like...? I don’ t know like I could like e-mail you in the middle and say , “Hey , I’m just, you know . Can we Skype?”" mental health assistant: "I’m your therapist not only in these sessions, but I’m your therapist. And if you need to contact me, you can contact me. You can always contact me." patient: "I didn’ t know that. [Laughs nervously .]" ', 'therapist_result': 'Well maybe I should have made that more explicit. But I am always...I mean. It almost...I feel some of it is connected to what we were talking about on Monday . Like are we connected and like are you just present for these sessions, or is there like a connection that’ s ongoing throughout whether we’re in each other ’s presence or not? And there is certainly a highly...there’ s a highly structured format to our relationship and I appreciate that. So there’ s not peace, but there’ s sort of like this ongoing like how you feel connected to me or other people outside. And I’m your therapist in here, outside of here. If you need me, you can reach out to me. We’ll figure out a way to be in contact and for us to talk or meet or whatever . And that’ s always true.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling a little unsure about how to stay connected with me while you're away for those two months.  That's completely understandable.  It's a big change, going away for that length of time, and it makes sense that you'd be wondering about how to maintain our therapeutic connection.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel hesitant to reach out via email or Skype?  What are your concerns about contacting me outside of our scheduled sessions?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'But I’m your...you know , I’m your therapist all the time.  So I mean, you can send me e-mails. I’m going to monitor my e-mails. You know , and we can...it’s no problem to Skype.  We can Skype. You know , as many times as you need. [00:01:32.06]'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I’m your therapist not only in these sessions, but I’m your therapist. And if you need to contact me, you can contact me. You can always contact me." patient: "I didn’ t know that. [Laughs nervously .]" mental health assistant: "Well maybe I should have made that more explicit. But I am always...I mean. It almost...I feel some of it is connected to what we were talking about on Monday . Like are we connected and like are you just present for these sessions, or is there like a connection that’ s ongoing throughout whether we’re in each other ’s presence or not? And there is certainly a highly...there’ s a highly structured format to our relationship and I appreciate that. So there’ s not peace, but there’ s sort of like this ongoing like how you feel connected to me or other people outside. And I’m your therapist in here, outside of here. If you need me, you can reach out to me. We’ll figure out a way to be in contact and for us to talk or meet or whatever . And that’ s always true." patient: "Oh okay . I didn’ t know that." ', 'therapist_result': 'It is always true. It is...my maternity leave is definitely , you know , a bit of an anomaly in that sense. You can still...certainly after a week or so I’ll be checking e-mail to again. You can certainly feel free to e- mail me. I will also have someone covering for me who will be more consistently present. But like I said, by , hopefully by mid-July I hope to e-mail you and let you know kind of the deal in terms of, okay , I think I can be back third or fourth week and come in for an hour or so here and there. So that’ s what I hope to do.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling a little surprised and perhaps even relieved to hear that I'm available to you outside of our scheduled sessions.  That's understandable. It sounds like you were operating under a different assumption about the nature of our relationship. Can you tell me more about what you thought our connection was like before this conversation?  What were your expectations about how much contact we'd have outside of our appointments?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'All right.  Let me share something with you. I’ve never had a patient not know that. But that’ s...I guess I haven’ t really explicitly...it’ s so obvious to me. But I understand why you didn’ t know . So I’m your therapist not only in these sessions, but I’m your therapist. And if you need to contact me, you can contact me. You can always contact me.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But I like to be available as much as possible. And for some reason, like maternity leave, I can’ t be, I’ll have someone else who’ s available to you." patient: "Okay . That would be helpful. Yeah. Thank you." mental health assistant: "You will not be alone." patient: "Yeah. I don’ t feel alone as much because I’ve like [inaudible – 47;36] to be more self-reliant. So yeah. I don’ t like..." ', 'therapist_result': 'But the question...so that’ s true, and that’ s good. But the question for you is it’ s not simply about sort of over -relying, but it’ s about feeling reliant, how people rely on each other in ways that feel burdensome, rather than relying on ways in which you feel sort of like people want...like they want to take care of you. They want to take care of each other . They don’ t feel obligated to. It doesn’ t feel shackled. There’ s not simply , in my mind for you, just relying less on people. Like that’ s the goal per se. But it’ s a different kind of reliance.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you mentioned you don't feel as alone as you used to because you've been working on being more self-reliant. That's fantastic!  It takes a lot of strength and courage to build that independence. Can you tell me more about what steps you've taken to become more self-reliant, and how that's impacted your feelings of loneliness?  What specifically has helped you feel less alone?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Right. Well, that’s something that I think that you’re doing very well. I mean, that’ s what we’ve been sort of working on is that you are allowing yourself to feel your own feelings more and allowing yourself to feel that need to reach out to somebody for support. And you don’ t feel so ashamed about it, or you don’ t feel so alone and like you don’ t know what to do, you know?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "There’ s a lot going on. I mean, I certainly agree. That is very common for immigrant." patient: "Yeah.  Yeah. I mean, I... I mean, what do I say? Is it unhealthy for her to feel like my daughter?  I don’ t think so. Right? Because like people’ s dynamics can be complicated. Like, at some point, your parents do become like your children. Right? Like when they’re really old, you do have to take care of them like you take care of a child. Right? So...  I don’ t know . I guess I’m trying to prepare myself for like that or just the fact that it is a complicated relationship and how do I respect that or live with that or make the best of it or even make it, you know , fruitful. You know?" mental health assistant: "Well, I don’ t think complicated is inherently unhealthy ." patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think it can be very confusing and I do think, at times, it really brings up feelings for you. I mean, you have feelings in other areas. You’re wanting people to take care of you in ways that you’re not. And I do think that’ s a carryover from feelings  mom.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're grappling with a complicated relationship with your parent, and you're questioning whether the dynamic – where you feel like you're parenting them in some ways – is unhealthy.  You're right, family dynamics are rarely simple, and the roles we play can shift over time.  It sounds like you're trying to navigate this shift and find a way to make it work, to make it even fruitful.\n\nThat's a lot to process.  Can you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel like you're parenting your parent?  What are some of the specific situations or interactions that lead to this feeling?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I mean, so  It’ s not  It’ s not as though you are both  If  I mean, it’s not  You don’ t have to say , well, if you’re my child, how can I have a healthy relationship with you when you’re not my child? And I think it is kind of  So, it’s a different dynamic of...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Like, “Oh, I don’ t have anywhere to live. I’ve got to get back with Chris.”" patient: "Yeah." mental health assistant: "“I need a man to provide me with housing.”" patient: "Well, then I don’ t have to worry about, you know , money .  It has a lot of other perks too, you know , like be back on the marriage track and be, you know , have this companionship and we can cook together and stuf f. And... What else?  Yeah.  And I’ll be like... I’ll be forced to make a choice know . Dif ferent people need dif ferent things. I’m just like... I don’ t really understand what it’ s about. You know?  Like another friend of mine...  She... She’ s in the program with me and she moved from Alabama or somewhere. She left like another Masters or PhD program to join this, to write. And like the first year here, she just kind of slacked of f completely because she fell in love with this guy and she was like completely crazy about him and she was totally like not showing up to things and not even sometimes coming to class. She wouldn’ t do any of her homework and she wrote kind of terrible things. And I was just like... I was talking about her to another friend and like yesterday he mentioned her because he saw her boyfriend. He was like, “She gave up her writing for this guy? Really?” And I was like, “Huh. It’ s interesting you say she gave up her writing because she’ s turned in like a couple of really good stories and I’m like in awe of her . And it’ s really strange to hear she gave up writing because she’ s so totally not even looking like she gave up writing. She seems like very much on top of things now . Like she turns in her homework and she writes these good things, you know , like...” It doesn’ t mean I let myself get  by that. I could. I’m like always pulling my hair out to get this done, get that done. She’ s always like  doing it. But like so she... I guess she and the guy moved in together and I assume she’ s not really paying rent because, you know , he’s... He makes much more than her . But... Where was I going with this?  Yeah. I guess I was trying to understand. I’m always looking at other people and what they do and trying to ask myself, “Should I do this? Should I do that? Is that how it’ s done?” So then I’m like, “I need to...”  Like last year , when she was all crazy about love and everything, I was like, “I want that. You know , I want to be crazy and not do any work.” And now that she’ s stable, I’m like, “Maybe I want that.” You know? Like maybe I need to, need... Like the equivalent of her boyfriend would be Chris, you know , like stable, steady , always there, you know , makes money and lets me live with him rent free. Maybe I need that. But then when I had it, I was like, “No. I need craziness or I need to feel independent because if I feel independent, I will feel confident and I will be able to write better .” So it’ s like...  And I understand that I could want dif ferent things at dif ferent times. But it’ s just like what is it? You know?  Am I at a phase where I need stability or like am I still in my crazy phase where it’ s like, “No. I need inspiration or I need to do everything myself so I feel confident and then I can write better .”  Yeah. Maybe I’ll the sort of person... Maybe my psychology is that, at the base level, I feel helpless. So I have to do all these things to prove to myself that I can do it. Then once I have that high, then I can write. [00:38:1 1] Maybe she’ s already up here in terms of confidence level and independence. So she just needs to kind of settle down and... You know? I don’ t know .    She’ s lived like a lot more years being single and she’ s divorced. So...  I don’ t know . I have to compare myself.   I guess I do that also to give myself options and be like, “There are choices I could make.” You know? And I guess it’s okay to some degree to be like, “What is that person doing? Could I do that?”" ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. It does... I mean, you certainly use other people to compare yourself and often compare yourself downward. You often... You also look at people for models although you make a lot of assumptions in that model. You have no idea. She could be paying all the rent for all you know . You have no idea. So you make a lot of assumptions about what that relationship is like and how he’ s really like Chris. And so, in a sense, it’ s a projection. I’m not sure how much you’re learning because you’re projecting onto them something that you, that’s familiar to you already . So it’ s not exactly new information.', 'base_result': 'It sounds like you\'re going through a lot right now, and it\'s completely understandable to feel confused and uncertain about what you want.  You\'ve shared a lot, and I hear you saying that you\'re questioning your needs and desires, particularly regarding your housing situation and relationship with Chris, while also comparing yourself to a friend.\n\nYou mentioned wanting stability and financial security, and that moving back in with Chris might provide that.  Can you tell me more about what specifically appeals to you about that idea, beyond the practical aspects of housing and finances? What are you hoping to gain emotionally or relationally from being with Chris?\n\nYou also mentioned feeling a need for independence and self-sufficiency to fuel your writing. This suggests a conflict between your desire for security and your need for autonomy.  That\'s a very common internal conflict.  How do you feel when you experience these conflicting desires?  What are the pros and cons, in your mind, of choosing stability versus choosing independence?\n\nYou\'re thoughtfully observing your friend\'s situation and considering the different paths you could take. That\'s a great way to explore your options.  It seems like you\'re asking yourself, "What kind of life do I want, and how do I get there?"  That\'s a really important question to explore.  What would your ideal life look like, considering both your personal and professional goals?\n\nFinally, you mentioned feeling helpless at a base level. This is a very powerful feeling. How does this feeling manifest itself in your daily life? What situations or thoughts trigger this feeling of helplessness?  Exploring this underlying feeling could help clarify some of the other choices you are grappling with.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah. Well, not to be that, but to look at an answer to a problem. And if that answer is not right, then you try another answer . And...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s an overwhelming list." patient: "It is." mental health assistant: "It’s extremely long. I don’ t think I’d realized he’d written it also about himself. So what’ s it like even having sent it to me, and reading it or opening it?" patient: "I mean, I felt bad sending it to you, because I didn’ t expect you to like look it over before our session, but I also didn’ t want you to feel—  But then I thought, “At least, you know , if I’m not going to open it and look at it, or I’m not going to print it, I should at least  get it to you somehow . But I— yeah, it just brought up a ton of anxiety , like even just seeing the topic, like glimpsing the topic. I just closed it immediately .  I just like couldn’ t——but I—" ', 'therapist_result': 'So that—even that reaction is really important. There’ s a way it kind of shows what you were talking about last time we were here, how much is still frightening about all this. Like it’ s a kind of phobic PTSD kind of reaction. That means it’ s not been processed yet enough to—', 'base_result': "Okay, so you sent me the list, even though you felt bad about it and weren't sure I'd have time to look it over before our session.  That in itself tells me something important. Can you tell me more about why you felt bad sending it?  What specifically made you feel that way?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'So in some ways, you feel like you should be able to read it. This is the story that you’re supposed to write, and yet you’re feeling extremely anxious and overwhelmed. What are some of the other stories that come to mind about  why it would be important to be able to read this list, what dif ference it could make in your life, if you were able to get to that?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Right!" patient: "There’ s a whole file describing how he was going to move to New Orleans, and have a house, and get two dogs. And he like, “That was just, you know , that was a self-punishing type of thing. I was so sad that I was going to be alone, and that I wasn’ t going to have anything.” And I said, “It doesn’ t sounds as destitute as that if you’re going to get a new job and get a house. And it doesn’ t actually sound like ‘I’m going to go live like in a small apartment and continue to work at Subway forever .’ It doesn’ t sound like a depressive—” I think part of the reason why I’m so anxious about talking about it with Ivan, especially alone, is because I don’ t want to be led down—" mental health assistant: "Lies." patient: "Yes! And I don’ t want to spend time buying into it, and trying to understand, and engaging in potentially just fantasy , and reinforcing it." ', 'therapist_result': 'It almost sounds like he’ s really not in a place where he’ s ready to talk about it in an honest way . The way you’re—I mean, so do you hear that to me it sounds absolutely unambiguous that it means Life After Ramona? Like it doesn’ t—I don’ t think it meant what he said later .', 'base_result': 'Okay, so it sounds like you discovered a plan your partner, Ivan, had made for moving to New Orleans – a plan that involved a new house and dogs.  And while on the surface it seems positive, you\'re interpreting it as possibly self-punishing and potentially rooted in sadness and a fear of being alone.  Am I understanding that correctly?\n\nIt also seems that you\'re hesitant to discuss this with him directly because you\'re worried he might be minimizing or idealizing the situation, leading you down a path of potentially false hope or even reinforcing unhealthy coping mechanisms. You don\'t want to waste time engaging with something that might not be entirely real or helpful. Can you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel like it\'s a "fantasy" or self-punishing? What elements of the plan seem unrealistic or incongruent with his current state?\n\nFinally, you mentioned feeling anxious about this conversation. What specifically is causing that anxiety?  Is it fear of conflict, fear of disappointment, or something else entirely?  What would make you feel more comfortable approaching this conversation with Ivan?  Let\'s explore those feelings and see if we can find a way to address your concerns before you talk to him.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'You know . I wonder if you’re feeling a little bit more ambivalent or conflicted. On the one hand, you don’ t want to be led down a road that’s lies. But on the other hand, you know , there’ s some part of you that still really feels at the core of your being, that this is who you are. And you’ve been working hard for five or six years to get away from that. And I think you’ve come a very long way . I mean, I think you’re very dif ferent than you were five or six years ago, and I think you’re very dif ferent than you were last week.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Is that hard to hear? You almost want that not to be true or?" patient: "Well, of course. If I heard an alternate, of course I’d rather hear that." mental health assistant: "Yeah. It just doesn’ t—it fits so well. And the fact that he didn’ t deny it, you know? Any person at that moment would say , “Oh, no. It didn’ t mean that. That’ s not what it meant.”" patient: "That’ s—I sometimes find myself almost—it’ s wrong, but I sometimes almost find myself testing him. Like saying, “Are you sure you weren’ t looking for someone else?” And then I kind of gauge like his amount of indignation or amount of like being upset about it as whether or not it’ s genuine. Sometimes I get worried, because it doesn’ t seem like he’ s as upset about it.  But we’ve also talked about it a few times. It’ s not like —I don’ t know . That’ s not really fair , but I’m that I guess desperate to figure out exactly what was going on." ', 'therapist_result': 'I mean, even if we assume it did stand for Life After Ramona —and it’ s incredibly hurtful—I mean, I just think it’ s helpful to begin to sort of, for you to even sort of say to yourself what it is. You know what I mean? And just be in that. And be in that he is probably , it seems, lying to you about some of these things. That doesn’ t have to mean the end of your marriage. Right? I mean, it— Ivan is incredibly shame-prone. And he is incredibly oriented towards covering something up so as to avoid the shame of the truth.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling unsure about your partner\'s feelings, and that\'s causing you a lot of distress.  It sounds incredibly difficult to hear what you\'ve heard and not have immediate reassurance.  That makes perfect sense.\n\nYou mentioned you sometimes "test" him, asking things like, "Are you sure you weren\'t looking for someone else?" and gauging his reaction.  Can you tell me more about what that feels like for you?  What are you hoping to achieve by doing that?  What kind of responses make you feel more or less secure?\n\nYou also said it\'s not fair, and you feel desperate to know exactly what happened. That sounds incredibly challenging. Can you talk a little more about what makes it feel unfair, and what specifically you\'re hoping to "figure out"?  What would knowing "exactly what was going on" actually do for you?  What would that feeling of certainty bring you?\n\nAnd finally, you said you\'ve talked about it a few times already.  What\'s been helpful about those conversations, and what hasn\'t been helpful? What do you think you need from those conversations to feel more secure in the relationship?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah. I wonder what would be to  the idea that he may have been looking for someone else or looking out for himself in this, because I think that’ s what you’re—I think you have that worry , like what if it’ s true?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "This is why I say even if it says—if even if we sort of say it did say Life After Ramona, that’ s you know what I mean?" patient: "I do—" mental health assistant: "Like people could write—" patient: "It’s just really hurtful." ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s extremely hurtful. I’m not—there are so many reactions you’ll have to it meaning that. But I’m just—it, you know , that was occurring to me. That people could—there could be a total defensive self- protective maneuver to think Life After Ramona, if he’ s thinking you’re so fed up with him, that he thinks you’re going to leave him any day now . So he’ s protecting himself by like planning out his life without you. Do you know what I mean? Again, doesn’ t excuse it. Doesn’ t mean you shouldn’ t have tremendous amounts of feelings about this. But there are so many explanations still for what is happening inside him psychically , even though he’ s writing Life After Ramona. Do you know what I mean? And that’ s—I think the more you’re just in probably what really was. And for him, too! The more he can get with Dr . Bourd into, “Y eah, it’ s good  for Life After Ramona. And why was I writing that? Why?” You know , what was happening? Was it self-protection? Was it aggression? Was it—was he really thinking about leaving in some, you know , reality-based way? Even if so, why? You know , was he fed up with feeling criticized, but still loved you? Do you know what I mean? See how that’ s really dif ferent then like, “Ugh! I can’ t stand Ramona anymore?” How are you?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying that the idea of "Life After Ramona"—or even the suggestion of it—is really hurtful.  Can you tell me more about why that\'s so hurtful for you? What specifically is it about that phrase or the concept it represents that\'s causing you pain?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah. Like I mean it sounds to me like it would not have been hard for you to have said to your manager , “Listen you know I know we’ve kind of said this is what we’re going to do but this is actually in my mind a pretty major fuck you to me and my contributions here and this is really hurtful and it’s really going to be difficult for me to go forward in a very productive way . So I’m just telling you. And I’m going to do my best to sort of suck it up because I want to do my job. But this is how I feel and this is'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Like, yeah, overwhelmed. And now I’m even thinking—like the title of this was like SI. And he’ s like, “That’ s Self Introspection.” What if it wasn’ t Self Introspection? And I don’ t know . And it’ s just—even if it is, you know like, “Oh, she’ll leave me,” he really did make a list, a really , really long list. And some of those things —it’s just—like I can’ t. I don’ t even want to talk about it with him. Because I can’ t wrap my head around it. Because some of them are genuine, like very direct criticisms of me. Very direct. Very clear that he’ s angry about something. So I can get that. I can wrap my head around that. It seems like a really inappropriate and unproductive way to get it out. It’ s not even like he  sat down in a down in a journal and just said, “I am so angry that she was complaining that it was a really big family thing.”  It’ s not like that. And then there are things on there that are pretty compatible with me. And then there are things on there that are completely like I could never be. I will never be taller .  I will never be—you know , like just certain things on there. And then I’m like, “What is that?” That’ s the really bizarre like— [00:1 1:58]" patient: "As I’m reading—what’ s, so what stood out for you? [Do you think]  there are things that are particularly hurtful, like taller?" mental health assistant: "Yeah. Like roughly 5’3 to 5’9, I think he wrote. Which just seems like the most like cutting. Like to honestly look at someone and be like, “Y ou’re not tall enough.” He’ s never complained to me about my height. Never! Not even in a joke. Liked that I was petite. Like just never—and I’m like, “Are you kidding me?” It’ s like he—then it feels like he’ s like building, you know like a  like a Barbie. Like a—like these are the features I want. And that’ s just so dif ferent from saying , “I wish my spouse didn’ t complain about really big family gatherings.” It’ s just really , really dif ferent." patient: "It is really dif ferent." ', 'therapist_result': 'And that’ s kind of maybe what’ s hard to grapple with that  that’ s what he’ s doing. It’ s exactly the feeling I had reading the List of a Woman. This is not—he’ s not describing a human being. Do you know that? Like there’ s no person who fits that bill. No woman. No man. He—it’ s a total, total idealization. It is as though he’ s building a robot, who is perfect at this and perfect at that. And perfect at this and perfect at that. And perfect at this.  There’ s not a single human being who will fit that bill on the face of the Earth. So already , it feels like it’ s—there’ s something inside, where he’ s struggling with dealing with just humanness. Like people do get annoyed at each other ’s families in marriages all the time.  Right? Or people are different heights. Or people have lost their temper or, you know . To be a human means you can’ t have the list that [is what he has described] . It’s so in stark contrast to his list for himself. He’ s  really human. He lists his imperfections, right? He puts depression, for example. I’m trying to think of what else. But—he puts a lot of positive things about himself, too —but he put seminary dropout. You know , like it’ s actually not a self-idealization. He’ s putting himself as a human being. [As he’ s real] , perhaps a bit needy .  Averse to angry conflicts.  There are ways it feels—the self-introspective side of it feels actually quite accurate in many ways. I don’ t know if you had that sense.', 'base_result': "It sounds incredibly jarring to discover that list, and I hear how confusing and upsetting it is for you.  You've clearly identified some key differences in the types of criticisms on the list – some seem genuine and related to specific concerns, while others feel completely arbitrary and hurtful, like the comment about your height. That's a significant distinction, and it's completely valid to feel overwhelmed and confused by that contrast.\n\nCan you tell me more about what stands out to you as particularly hurtful beyond the height comment?  What specifically makes those criticisms feel so different from the ones you can understand?  It sounds like the arbitrary criticisms feel particularly invalidating – is that a fair assessment of your experience?\n\nWhat are your initial thoughts about how you might want to approach this conversation with him, if at all?  There's no pressure to have an answer right now, but exploring your options and feelings about that is an important step.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah. And I think that what you’re seeing there is, you know ,  that it’ s in the nature of—maybe in the nature of an insult, that you just do you cannot process a complaint. Like it’ s not—you know , it’ s not just any old thing. You’re saying like, “I’m not tall enough.” That’ s a pretty extreme statement. And your point is, not only has he never complained about that, it’ s a statement about something that’ s never even been a problem. You know? So I think—I mean, yeah, you’re saying like he’ s not looking at you as a real person with things he wants to talk about. He’ s got this little checklist he’ s trying to check of f. Like some fantasy about—and I think that you’re saying that’ s the quality of his insult. That it’ s like that.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s a real kind of fantasy bubble that’ s really removed from reality in so many dif ferent ways." patient: "When I first confronted him about the height thing, he said—he’ s like, “Because if I was ever alone again,” he’ s like, “I wouldn’ t want someone that ever reminded me of you.” And that  feels hurtful. And then a while ago, I asked him about it again. I’m like, “I cannot wrap my around this. I do not understand. I’ve never heard you complain about my height.”" mental health assistant: "And?" patient: "And he said—he’ s like, “Y ou’re going to think I’m a pig.” And I said, “OK.” And he’ s like, “Because I wish that when we hugged like your face was closer to mine.” And I said—  I was like, “So what is that? So it’ s about me. It’ s not about me. Which is it?” He’ s like, “Oh, it’ s both.” I’m like, “How is it both?” And I told him I thought he was piggish for making a list like that, which didn’ t help. But I’m furious. And it doesn’ t make it okay to say something like that, but I’m just unbelievably furious like that it exists. And then it just feels like we can’ t talk about it, because he’ s, I feel like almost inevitably , defending it. And that inevitably is like more hurtful to me." ', 'therapist_result': 'It is not. It’ s far away from reality . You know? But what his explanations all, except for this last one sounds like actually more fits closer to probably what was in his mind at the time. But he’ s otherwise so far away from what his real intentions are, it sounds like. So it’ s hard. You can’ t talk about it. You’re only going to get kind of fantasies about it.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling furious, unbelievably furious, about this whole situation.  That\'s completely understandable.  It sounds incredibly frustrating to have this conversation and feel like you\'re not getting a straight answer, and that any attempt to discuss it just leads to more hurt feelings.\n\nCan you tell me more about what makes you feel so furious? Is it the inconsistency in his explanations, the fact that he seems to be justifying his feelings, or something else entirely?  What specifically about his comments –  "Because if I was ever alone again... I wouldn\'t want someone that ever reminded me of you," and his later comments about wishing your face was closer – feels so hurtful and invalidating?\n\nYou mentioned feeling like you can\'t talk about it because he inevitably defends himself.  Can you describe what that defense feels like to you? What makes it feel so hurtful?  What are you hoping to gain from these conversations with him? What would a more helpful response from him look like to you?  \n\nIt seems like you’ve put a lot of effort into trying to understand his perspective.  It\'s okay to feel frustrated and angry when that effort doesn\'t seem to be reciprocated.  Your feelings are valid. It’s brave of you to be so open about this difficult situation.  Let’s explore this further.  What is one thing you want to focus on understanding better right now, either about his behavior or your own reaction to it?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Well, also your reaction to his statement is to be upset and to try to understand. What it sounds like you tried to  was that he was making a catty remark and trying to insult you. What sounds like it feels very dif ferent to you now is that the comment was out of his pain and loneliness. Now , I’m not saying that it feels okay to you because it came from pain. That’ s not what I’m saying at all. I’m just saying that, I think, if you’ve shifted how you look at it, from a catty , somewhat sinister , intentional attempt to hurt you to a lonely , terrified—'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And?" patient: "And he said—he’ s like, “Y ou’re going to think I’m a pig.” And I said, “OK.” And he’ s like, “Because I wish that when we hugged like your face was closer to mine.” And I said—  I was like, “So what is that? So it’ s about me. It’ s not about me. Which is it?” He’ s like, “Oh, it’ s both.” I’m like, “How is it both?” And I told him I thought he was piggish for making a list like that, which didn’ t help. But I’m furious. And it doesn’ t make it okay to say something like that, but I’m just unbelievably furious like that it exists. And then it just feels like we can’ t talk about it, because he’ s, I feel like almost inevitably , defending it. And that inevitably is like more hurtful to me." mental health assistant: "It is not. It’ s far away from reality . You know? But what his explanations all, except for this last one sounds like actually more fits closer to probably what was in his mind at the time. But he’ s otherwise so far away from what his real intentions are, it sounds like. So it’ s hard. You can’ t talk about it. You’re only going to get kind of fantasies about it." patient: "It’s just—it feels—it just feels bizarre to me. And it’ s not like he wrote, “I wish she was taller . I wish we could, you know , I wish her face was next to mine when we hugged.” He didn’ t write that. Roughly 5’3 to 5’9. It was like as if—it would be like if I wrote an ideal weight for him." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah, that’ s—so another reaction I had to it, Ramona —and I know this is maybe hard to hear , but it felt incredibly demeaning. Not just to you, but kind of—it’ s a real objectification of a woman period. Do you know what I mean? It does feel like he’ s kind of sadistically constructing a perfect Barbie doll. And that that’ s the only woman who’ s good enough.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling bizarre, and rightfully so.  It sounds incredibly unsettling to have someone express a desire about your physical proximity in that way, especially framed as if it\'s a list of "ideal" qualities.  Can you tell me more about why it feels bizarre to you?  What specifically about his comment and the way he presented it feels so unsettling and out of place?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . So when we were talking about that the other day . I was saying you don’ t have to take him seriously . You could be angry at him anyway . And that’ s kind of where your head is at. That you’re not going to take it so that you don’ t have to be angry at him. Because it’ s more comfortable to think, “Oh, he’ s a nice guy and this is what he'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "[He hid that]  for a long time in both instances." patient: "He said—on the list he has like someone who wants children. And I told him I thought that that was incredibly particularly cruel. Because that’ s more than I’m unhappy with my wife. That’ s more than I could be attracted to someone who was like this instead. That’ s like I want a whole life, and a whole family , and a whole—and that’ s like a whole dif ferent level. And he’ s like, “Y eah. Every time I read the list, I would stop at that one and just cry , because you’re the only one I want to have children with.” And I was like, “Really?” Then like—" mental health assistant: "He’ s feeding you lines because he doesn’ t know what to say right now about it." patient: "So what is that? Like was he thinking about like an ideal woman and that’ s part of it? I don’ t know ." ', 'therapist_result': 'So one on the things I wonder about the sequence of it. Starting with this list of it—again, leaves out a lot of things, you’re right and maybe a number of these things actually do have elements of idealizing himself still. Right? Just for the record, I don’ t mean this is a perfectly  at all, as much as I was only trying to say there he is at least—it’ s not a Ken doll he’ s describing in himself.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling confused and unsure about his words.  You\'re grappling with the impact of his statement about wanting children with you, especially given the context of his previous actions and your unhappiness in the marriage.  That sounds incredibly challenging to process.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically feels confusing or unsettling about his statement?  Is it the timing?  The way he said it?  Or something else entirely?\n\nIt sounds like you\'re questioning whether his words are genuine or if he\'s just saying what he thinks you want to hear.  That\'s a valid concern. What makes you wonder if he\'s perhaps trying to create an ideal image rather than expressing genuine feelings?\n\nYou mentioned feeling like this is on a "whole different level" than simply being unhappy in your marriage or attracted to someone else. Can you expand on what makes this statement feel so significantly different? What aspects of wanting a family and having children with him are you struggling with right now?  \n\nIt\'s okay to feel uncertain and confused.  These are complex emotions, and it\'s understandable to need time to sort them out.  Let\'s explore these feelings together, at your own pace.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'All right. Well let me back up a second. So when you say he’ s feeding you lines, I think that’s true. But what I think is important about that is it’ s more about the fact that he is not being accountable for his behavior . He’ s not being responsible for not being honest about who he is and what he wants. And instead he leaves you with the responsibility of trying to decipher what it means, why he’ s doing it.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So one on the things I wonder about the sequence of it. Starting with this list of it—again, leaves out a lot of things, you’re right and maybe a number of these things actually do have elements of idealizing himself still. Right? Just for the record, I don’ t mean this is a perfectly  at all, as much as I was only trying to say there he is at least—it’ s not a Ken doll he’ s describing in himself." patient: "No." mental health assistant: "Do you know what I mean?" patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'So he is—there’ s some degree of like pointing out his flaws as a person that happens in the first list. Then he moves to Woman Looking For . So what I start to wonder if there’ s a way this is a massive defense against his own feelings of inadequacy . That he feels like he is not an adequate partner for you. He’ s not a provider . He’ s not a defender . He’ s not stable. He’ s not aspiring. You know? Like there—these actually are things you’ve articulated that you would like in a partner . Right? I mean, even just having aspirations, responsible, clean. Right? So in a way , it’s a description of the things that you’re looking for that he feels he’ s not. So it starts to make me wonder is like has—was he drowning in so much of this sense of inadequacy , in your eyes? Whether that’ s what you felt or not, what he was doing with your criticism really  not, or what he’ s doing with your really appropriate judgments of the things he was not doing well. Do you know what I mean? Was feeling like, “I’m such a horrible human being that I don’ t like—I’m nowhere near what Ramona wants.” Right? And that he then goes on this kind of self-protective attack of saying, “W ell, here’ s my ideal woman.” Right? Like, “I’m going to describe now a perfect Barbie,” as a way of protecting himself from his own inadequacy . Again, none of this excuses it, Ramona. I think this list is incredibly actually bizarre. It’ s a very strange thing to have done. It’ s very atypical. Even when people go and have af fairs, they don’ t make a list like this. And extremely hurtful and cruel. And yet, I think there are ways. The explanation that makes the most sense is that he was being—going on the attack to protect his own sense of inadequacy . That is narcissistic. That’ s actually what people who are narcissistic do, for example. Like deep down, you feel so like your own worthless piece of shit, for example, so you devalue, demean, pick apart other people, because you feel like inside that’ s in some ways unconsciously what you’re doing to yourself.', 'base_result': 'Okay.  So you understand what I was saying about the list and how it might still contain some idealized elements of how he sees himself, even if it\'s not a completely unrealistic or perfect picture.  That\'s a really important point.\n\nNow,  that being said, can you tell me a little more about what "No" means to you in this context?  What part of that statement resonated or didn\'t resonate with you?  What feelings are you experiencing right now as we talk about this?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Alright. So it’s like that’ s kind of a critical distinction, I think. It’ s not to say that he’ s not still being deeply influenced by having been raised within that sort of—you know  to have been idealize—to have idealized someone who never could be, you know . And I do think it’ s playing out in a number of these things. Like you’re talking about . But even as you’re talking about them, I think your perspective is different. In other words, you’re saying like—'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "At least in this bubble, that’ s like the only way of protecting what he’ s—his own like really deteriorated self-esteem at this point—is to build up and say , “Well, this is the perfect image I want.” I don’ t disorder in a formal kind of way , where there are people who go about the world all the time putting and demeaning other people down. That’ s not the way Ivan is in his character . But in this bubble, there’ s a way it feels like he’ s—it’ s his desperate ef fort to protect his self-esteem. And it’ s really primitive. I mean, that’ s what I think when I say it’ s bizarre. It’ s kind of an indication of how degraded his own sense of himself is, or how kind of convoluted and complex it is, that he’d have to go through this. And that I think in some ways, Ramona, is more what is hard to grapple with, the bizarreness of it. Do you know what I mean?" patient: "I can’ t wrap my—I just like I can’ t. Can’ t get an explanation that seems helpful or adequate. And I feel like I can’ t just certain pieces on that go." mental health assistant: "I think it makes sense like that you can’ t get an explanation. I think one of the reasons it’ s hard for three people even on your treatment team to explain it is that it’ s pretty strange. You know , there’ s a lot of—it feels like sort of sadism, and cruelty , and defensiveness, and attack, and belittling, and demeaning that is otherwise not where Ivan lives. Like I start to imagine, you know , how little he’ s able to confront. Imagine this as a kind of all of a sudden he finally let out all of his rage, that he’ s got to have for a lifetime of even being mad at his parents. Like I think half of this is—has nothing to do with you. Most of it has nothing to do with you. But holds inside it like this one space where he was able to let out the angry feelings that he’ s stuf fed under the rug his entire lifetime." patient: "That doesn’ t mean you have to be okay with it, Ramona. Like this, you know , it makes sense that this would be profoundly hurtful and hard to get over . That it’ s really hard to wrap your mind around every piece of this." ', 'therapist_result': 'But I do think it makes sense that it’ s a kind of bubble of rageful  feelings that came out. That I, you know , in the long run think are good for his development as a person. To get, like have the anger be more a part of his daily life when he’ s frustrated with something. Direct confronting. Confront his parents. Assert himself more. Not in this way .', 'base_result': 'Ramona, it sounds incredibly frustrating and overwhelming to be grappling with this situation. You\'ve said you can\'t find an explanation that feels adequate, and that\'s completely understandable.  It\'s a complex situation with many layers, and there isn\'t a simple answer.  It\'s okay to feel confused and unable to make sense of all the pieces right now.\n\nYou\'ve described feeling profoundly hurt, and that\'s a completely valid feeling.  It\'s not your responsibility to be "okay" with this behavior, and your distress is a natural response to the pain Ivan has inflicted.  Allow yourself to feel those emotions – the hurt, the confusion, the anger – without judgment.\n\nI hear you saying you can\'t fit certain pieces together, and that it\'s hard to process.  Can you tell me more about what those "certain pieces" are? What parts of the situation feel particularly difficult to understand or accept?  Focusing on specific aspects might help us unravel this together.\n\nAlso, I appreciate that you\'re considering Ivan\'s perspective, that this might be a manifestation of deeply buried anger and low self-esteem.  It\'s a complex dynamic, and his behavior doesn\'t excuse his actions, but it might help to understand the possible roots of his hurtful behavior. Does that resonate with you at all, or are there other perspectives you\'d like to explore?  What feels most important to you to work through right now?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'And I think that I mean, I think that makes sense to say , but I think what you just said, “It makes sense that I would be upset about that,” is a pretty big deal. I mean, in the same way we were just talking about the way you sort of are not able to feel for Ivan at all, and like I was saying,  the half of it that is about him, is just sad, or  you know , that there’ s this lifetime of feelings that are just starting to come out. And the other half is like a kind of critical, bla bla bla, that is not about him, is part of this. So you’re starting to look at like that was a really  bad way to treat me. And that’ s important. That’ s important. You know , one of the reasons you’re doing that—you’re starting to do that, I think—is because of the impact. But I think it’ s also a step toward being more about—to look more about him, to say  I don’ t have to be okay with that. It’ s not my job, it’s not—you know , it’ s not—that’ s not what the partnership is about.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "That doesn’ t mean you have to be okay with it, Ramona. Like this, you know , it makes sense that this would be profoundly hurtful and hard to get over . That it’ s really hard to wrap your mind around every piece of this." patient: "But I do think it makes sense that it’ s a kind of bubble of rageful  feelings that came out. That I, you know , in the long run think are good for his development as a person. To get, like have the anger be more a part of his daily life when he’ s frustrated with something. Direct confronting. Confront his parents. Assert himself more. Not in this way ." mental health assistant: "And you’re grappling with the question of what do you do with the fact that, at this stage at least, his way of managing angry feelings was so kind of sublimated in cruel directions." patient: "I don’ t know . And I feel——I feel so much anger , but I feel especially angry because while we’re spending so many sessions talking exhaustively about ways that I can be less critical, words that I shouldn’ t use. Like  just flat out ignoring certain things that don’ t happen and not saying a word about it. Like getting to, really kind of getting to the extreme where like things work if I shut up. And meanwhile Ivan is so much more critical in such an under ground like way . I’ve never said—like as much as I’ve gotten angry about things, I’ve never sat down and picked him apart by 75 like characteristics and just like while I’m at it I’d also like it if he was, you know— Like, that’ s what makes me—  It just feels like he and his parents sometimes have just been like I’m so critical, and I’m so judgmental, and anything to avoid reality . But then he’ s able to do this. And it’ s so much more.  [00:33:1 1]" ', 'therapist_result': 'Again, because it’ s so not what he does anywhere else in his life, it’ s like—I don’ t know how to describe this—like, you know , imagine, kids need to help their aggressions get shaped and worked into being effective in society . It’s like this part of him that is so unintegrated that it is very volatile, rageful, cruel, Like it doesn’ t sound like he’ s worked through this enough to say , “Yeah, this is this bubble of rage. And I’m so sorry it came out at you. It’ s meant for other people. And I was having a hard time asserting myself in the relationship. And this is the only way it came out, to protect myself. I couldn’ t talk to you, for example, to your face about—” Not these things on the list, but I think if you were to be able to talk about the normal things that were bothering him in the relationship, and coming and say , “Oh, well, here’ s what I want to work on,” or “I’m upset with Ramona for this,” in the couples therapy session, he wouldn’ t need—there’ s no need for going in to like sort of back channels for this kind of thing to have happened.', 'base_result': "Ramona, it sounds like you're experiencing a lot right now, a complex mix of anger, frustration, and perhaps even a sense of injustice.  You're seeing a discrepancy between the work you're doing on yourself to be less critical and the seemingly unchecked critical behavior you perceive from Ivan.  Can you tell me more about what specifically feels so unfair or disproportionate about this situation?  What aspects of Ivan's actions stand out to you as particularly hurtful or frustrating compared to your own self-criticism?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'And  you know ,  that  you’re, to me it’ s not just about kind of the hypocrisy of it. It’ s not, I mean I think you’re seeing that it kind of—it’ s so much more about that, is that it feels very dif ferent. There’ s something dif ferent about the way he’ s handling it, and is a part of a kind of—it’s a part of the way he’ s developed this kind of kind of—and I imagine in some way it’ s  about—it’s how he, he’s developed this kind of “sublimated] kind of personality .  And that  you’re seeing that it’ s not a healthy .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Again, because it’ s so not what he does anywhere else in his life, it’ s like—I don’ t know how to describe this—like, you know , imagine, kids need to help their aggressions get shaped and worked into being effective in society . It’s like this part of him that is so unintegrated that it is very volatile, rageful, cruel, Like it doesn’ t sound like he’ s worked through this enough to say , “Yeah, this is this bubble of rage. And I’m so sorry it came out at you. It’ s meant for other people. And I was having a hard time asserting myself in the relationship. And this is the only way it came out, to protect myself. I couldn’ t talk to you, for example, to your face about—” Not these things on the list, but I think if you were to be able to talk about the normal things that were bothering him in the relationship, and coming and say , “Oh, well, here’ s what I want to work on,” or “I’m upset with Ramona for this,” in the couples therapy session, he wouldn’ t need—there’ s no need for going in to like sort of back channels for this kind of thing to have happened." patient: "I’ve asked him. I said, you know , wish we could have—I wish he could confront me, you know . Like I want it to be appropriate and respectful, not like this. But I wish he would confront me and even just say like, “Oh, Ramona, you know , I get that it’ s overwhelming, but I did—I was upset a little bit that you, you know , said that, you know , 12 people for a small family gathering was lar ge for you.” Or like, “It makes me feel like you don’ t want to hang out with my family .” Or—and I don’ t know what more. You know , asking him to do that. I don’ t know what more I’m supposed—" mental health assistant: "You’re not. You’re not. You’re not. This is not on you." patient: "It’s just—it’ s so angering when you try to get someone to—and then they do this instead. And it’ s so much more hurtful then even an inappropriate, like even if you yelled at me like you never want to see my face! That would have been  less hurtful. At least it would have been direct. And it’ s worse because he never came clean and showed me this. I found it. And as much as I like  don’ t want to violate privacy , I’m so grateful. I’m absolutely , like I’m unbelievably infinitely grateful that I did, because what if he had never told me? What if it had continued? What if he added to the list every time he got angry and decided that, “No, everything’ s great. We’re not going to talk about it.” I also don’ t get it because I guess we spent—you know , we did spend a lot of sessions talking about how critical I am. But  for the times when we did talk about whatever we, you know , like the job thing or about the— Why didn’ t he even bring it into couples counseling if only to like be defensive and not want to talk about his stuf f? I just don’ t understand how . [00:36:1 1]" ', 'therapist_result': 'Because he was incapable. And I think this is what—I don’ t know that he is capable, yet, of doing that in his own development. Bringing it into your , the room, and to your face. Do you know what I mean? Like that actually requires a level of mature assertiveness that he— In front of you, in front of Dr . Farrow , maybe even in front of Dr . Bourd it’ s only , “It’s all my fault. It’ s all my fault. It’ s all my fault,” right? That’ s—he can’ t assert in front of another person. It’ s only in a private, like small bubble microcosm that he’ s able to let these feelings out. I wonder , Ramona, have you brought this list into couples therapy?  What would you think about doing that?', 'base_result': "It sounds incredibly frustrating and hurtful to discover your partner's anger and criticisms in this way.  It's completely understandable that you're feeling angry, betrayed, and even grateful for the accidental discovery, given the potential for this behavior to continue unchecked.  \n\nCan you tell me more about what it felt like when you first found the list? What were your immediate thoughts and feelings?  \n\nAnd you mentioned feeling overwhelmed by your partner's anger and that you've tried to encourage him to communicate his feelings directly.  It seems like you’ve been actively trying to improve communication in your relationship.  Can you tell me a little more about your attempts to encourage open communication, and what his responses were?\n\nFinally, you mentioned feeling confused about why he didn't bring these issues up in couples counseling. What are some of your thoughts about what might have prevented him from doing so?  It sounds like you've put a lot of effort into the relationship, and it's natural to feel confused and hurt when your efforts aren't reciprocated in a healthy way.  What are your hopes for the future of the relationship, if any?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Also, that that is  form, and that is what—you know , the metaphor I’m using is like—we’re not referring to like the intellectual knowledge, but it’ s the emotional memory of like being hurt by somebody that is not integrated yet . You know , it’ s so painful, it’ s so shameful, you can’ t see that it’ s coming from a very layered part, a very wounded part of him, and a part that doesn’ t know how to integrate that into the relationship. And so, it has to go to this place of a back channel and, you know , this kind of like—'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You’re not. You’re not. You’re not. This is not on you." patient: "It’s just—it’ s so angering when you try to get someone to—and then they do this instead. And it’ s so much more hurtful then even an inappropriate, like even if you yelled at me like you never want to see my face! That would have been  less hurtful. At least it would have been direct. And it’ s worse because he never came clean and showed me this. I found it. And as much as I like  don’ t want to violate privacy , I’m so grateful. I’m absolutely , like I’m unbelievably infinitely grateful that I did, because what if he had never told me? What if it had continued? What if he added to the list every time he got angry and decided that, “No, everything’ s great. We’re not going to talk about it.” I also don’ t get it because I guess we spent—you know , we did spend a lot of sessions talking about how critical I am. But  for the times when we did talk about whatever we, you know , like the job thing or about the— Why didn’ t he even bring it into couples counseling if only to like be defensive and not want to talk about his stuf f? I just don’ t understand how . [00:36:1 1]" mental health assistant: "Because he was incapable. And I think this is what—I don’ t know that he is capable, yet, of doing that in his own development. Bringing it into your , the room, and to your face. Do you know what I mean? Like that actually requires a level of mature assertiveness that he— In front of you, in front of Dr . Farrow , maybe even in front of Dr . Bourd it’ s only , “It’s all my fault. It’ s all my fault. It’ s all my fault,” right? That’ s—he can’ t assert in front of another person. It’ s only in a private, like small bubble microcosm that he’ s able to let these feelings out. I wonder , Ramona, have you brought this list into couples therapy?  What would you think about doing that?" patient: "To be honest, I worry . Because I feel like Dr . Farrow buys—I feel like she buys a lot of his explanations. And that’ s not—I’m not questioning her skills. But I think her job is particularly difficult, because she, you know , she can’ t take sides, and she can’t— You know , just because Ivan did this horrible thing, doesn’ t mean that she then says, “W ell, everything about—like it must be what it looks like.” And I get that. And it’ s really complex. But then sometimes I feel powerless, because if he said something like, “Oh, I don’ t want to be reminded of you in the future,” she’d be like, “Oh, okay .” And I worry that that would happen. And maybe that’ s not fair . Maybe that wouldn’ t happen. Maybe she’d be like, “That sounds like an excuse.” But I guess I feel like I —" ', 'therapist_result': 'But so if you—if you say , “I would like to explain that he said that, but he earlier or after the fact, said that ‘Actually , you’re going to think I’m a pig.’“ So you need to say that to her . You need to—that needs to be said out loud, because that— There’ s not— It’ s unequivocal when you describe that. You know what I mean? It’s not—it’ s kind of hard to fight, or protest, and [see it]  a dif ferent way . I also think frankly , Ramona, reading the list, she may be inclined just to buy his excuses. It’ s hard for me to punch that gives you a sense of what you’re grappling with, what’ s going on inside him, that just is sort of data. Do you know what I mean? Rather than hearing it from you and your interpretation, or hearing it from him and his interpretation, here it is. So she can just sort of get a kind of a little bit unbiased view of it first. I think I would be helpful if she was willing to read it in advance. I know it’ s going to be hard for you and for Ivan in different ways to bring it in there, but—', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're experiencing a lot of conflicting emotions right now, Ramona.  That's completely understandable given the situation. You’re feeling angry, hurt, betrayed, and also incredibly vulnerable.  You've discovered something deeply upsetting, and on top of that, you're worried about how it will be received in couples therapy.  That's a lot to process.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically makes you worry that Dr. Farrow might not fully grasp the severity of the situation? What makes you think she might side with Ivan, or at least not see things from your perspective?  What aspects of his explanations make you feel uneasy?  \n\nIt also sounds like you’re grappling with feelings of powerlessness in the therapeutic setting. You’re navigating a really complex situation, and it makes sense that you'd feel that way.  It takes a lot of courage to share your concerns, even when you’re worried about the outcome.  \n\nLet's explore your feelings of uncertainty. What might make you feel *more* empowered in this situation, even a little bit?  What would be a helpful outcome for you, in this therapy session?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'So you’re bringing it up to me. That’ s your question. Does it reflect badly on me that you’re—that you’re bringing it up to me? No. No. It doesn’ t. It doesn’ t. It means that you’re trying to find out about it, that you’re curious, that you’re looking for something to help you with what you’re struggling with, and I’m here for that. And this is—this is very important. You are not doing anything wrong. You are trying to do something very good: understand and get help with what’ s going on.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Because he was incapable. And I think this is what—I don’ t know that he is capable, yet, of doing that in his own development. Bringing it into your , the room, and to your face. Do you know what I mean? Like that actually requires a level of mature assertiveness that he— In front of you, in front of Dr . Farrow , maybe even in front of Dr . Bourd it’ s only , “It’s all my fault. It’ s all my fault. It’ s all my fault,” right? That’ s—he can’ t assert in front of another person. It’ s only in a private, like small bubble microcosm that he’ s able to let these feelings out. I wonder , Ramona, have you brought this list into couples therapy?  What would you think about doing that?" patient: "To be honest, I worry . Because I feel like Dr . Farrow buys—I feel like she buys a lot of his explanations. And that’ s not—I’m not questioning her skills. But I think her job is particularly difficult, because she, you know , she can’ t take sides, and she can’t— You know , just because Ivan did this horrible thing, doesn’ t mean that she then says, “W ell, everything about—like it must be what it looks like.” And I get that. And it’ s really complex. But then sometimes I feel powerless, because if he said something like, “Oh, I don’ t want to be reminded of you in the future,” she’d be like, “Oh, okay .” And I worry that that would happen. And maybe that’ s not fair . Maybe that wouldn’ t happen. Maybe she’d be like, “That sounds like an excuse.” But I guess I feel like I —" mental health assistant: "But so if you—if you say , “I would like to explain that he said that, but he earlier or after the fact, said that ‘Actually , you’re going to think I’m a pig.’“ So you need to say that to her . You need to—that needs to be said out loud, because that— There’ s not— It’ s unequivocal when you describe that. You know what I mean? It’s not—it’ s kind of hard to fight, or protest, and [see it]  a dif ferent way . I also think frankly , Ramona, reading the list, she may be inclined just to buy his excuses. It’ s hard for me to punch that gives you a sense of what you’re grappling with, what’ s going on inside him, that just is sort of data. Do you know what I mean? Rather than hearing it from you and your interpretation, or hearing it from him and his interpretation, here it is. So she can just sort of get a kind of a little bit unbiased view of it first. I think I would be helpful if she was willing to read it in advance. I know it’ s going to be hard for you and for Ivan in different ways to bring it in there, but—" patient: "I’m just—I’m scared of that. And I’m also— So, Ivan is going to talk with Dr . Bourd again today about potentially me coming into a session, which wouldn’ t be in for another two weeks. Which I guess I’m annoyed about. But I even feel a little scared about that. Not because— I mean, I barely—I don’ t really know Dr . Bourd. I’ve met with him like once. But part of me is so scared to, I think honestly , like trust someone outside of you to have like an objective  or to be able to say like, “These are maybe cop out excuses.” Or—I just— and I don’ t want to engage and spend time investing in and encouraging Ivan to buy into those types of things if they’re completely not true." ', 'therapist_result': 'We had a brief exchange, Dr . Farrow , Dr. Bourd, and I, about this question of you’re going in. And I after the fact ended up having a little, some hesitation. I think Dr . Bourd has some hesitations. Just really wanting to make sure it’ s going to be helpful to the both of you to do that. And one of the concerns is that what he might say to you, if—', 'base_result': "Ramona, it sounds like you're experiencing a lot of fear and uncertainty right now.  It's completely understandable that you'd feel scared and powerless in this situation.  You've described feeling like Dr. Farrow might unintentionally side with Ivan, and the thought of investing time and energy into a process that might not validate your experience is understandably daunting.  You're also worried about trusting someone new, Dr. Bourd, to see the situation objectively.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically scares you about bringing this list to couples therapy? What are your biggest concerns about the outcome?  It seems like a significant step, and it’s okay to feel hesitant.\n\nWhat feelings are you experiencing right now, besides fear?  Are there any other emotions beneath that fear?  Perhaps frustration, anger, sadness, or even hope?  Allowing yourself to acknowledge these different emotions can help you process them.\n\nYou mentioned feeling powerless.  Can you describe a situation where you felt particularly powerless in relation to Ivan and his behavior?  Exploring specific instances might help pinpoint where you feel the most vulnerable.\n\nFinally, you're right, it's not fair to assume the outcome of therapy.  Dr. Farrow and Dr. Bourd are professionals trained to navigate these complex situations.  However, I also hear your valid concerns about them potentially overlooking or minimizing Ivan's behavior.  What would make you feel more confident in approaching these sessions? What kind of support would help you feel more prepared and empowered?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I understand. Well, there’ s a few things. I mean, I don’ t think that you’d have to go to the room. I think that you—it’ s your call. You’re the one in distress about this. You are the one the issue is with. It’ s your marriage. I think you get to determine if you want to go to the room. And that’ s a separate conversation from whether Dr . Bourd should like [inaudible]  story . Those are two dif ferent conversations. I mean, I don’ t think there’ s anything forcing you to come into the room or not. And I think it’ s a separate question as to whether his interpretation or her interpretation is adequate or not.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "We had a brief exchange, Dr . Farrow , Dr. Bourd, and I, about this question of you’re going in. And I after the fact ended up having a little, some hesitation. I think Dr . Bourd has some hesitations. Just really wanting to make sure it’ s going to be helpful to the both of you to do that. And one of the concerns is that what he might say to you, if—" patient: "Who?" mental health assistant: "Dr. Bourd. If you had a private conversation, and he were to tell you what he really thought, would, might be dif ferent than what he would say in front of Ivan at this stage in their relationship." patient: "Why is that?" ', 'therapist_result': 'In other words, there may be times that—  If he’ s working right now with Ivan’ s defensiveness around it, sometimes you’re not going to immediately confront the defense, and say like, “Y ou’re wrong about this. You’re making up lies.” Right? I’m not saying—I’m reading beyond what he said. Because I don’t know . I don’ t know his full opinion about all this. But I do know that he said,—to be honest with you, this is sort of almost a direct quote—”I have a hard time buying into what he says all the time.” He says when he’ s in the room, and he’ s explaining it, it sounds convincing. But when you think about it sort of out of the heat of the moment, it still doesn’ t add up and doesn’ t make sense. So I am saying that to you because the side of what I think you might want to accomplish going in there is just hearing more of Dr . Bourd opinion. And that’ s kind of his two cents at this point. If I said to you—for example, let’ s say I didn’ t believe something you were saying—but if I just said to you, “I don’t believe you,” you might never come back again. So he [maybe put and partly]  sort of pacing himself with how to constructively , slowly , over time challenge some of the defenses. Like people’ s defenses exist for a reason. If I were to say the minute, the first day I meet someone, “Y ou’re defending yourself in this XYZ,” like people—it’ s not palatable. So he may—they may be at a place where it’ s just slow going to get to that point. He’ s not directly confronting some of it. Again, I’m extrapolating a little bit. And I wouldn’ t want him to sort of, to you get the impression that he thinks everything’ s fine, just because he’ s not directly confronting it.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like there's some uncertainty about a meeting with Dr. Bourd, and you're wondering why his opinion might differ depending on whether Ivan is present.  That's a completely understandable question.  Can you tell me more about what's making you feel this way? What specifically makes you think Dr. Bourd might say different things in different situations?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . Well, in some ways that’ s not a, that’ s, I think it’s, I think it could be a more direct exchange.  There’ s some reason why it would be, it could be, it, I mean, I think it, it could be, it could be, and probably will be, in my mind, be more direct than you and Marshall are being to each other . About the, about some of the concerns, what Marshall’ s concerns are for you. Marshall, I think, if he, if he were to share those, would be quite, would, would you would clearly understand them. And would likely be, and you might share back at him some of your, what you’re thinking. Which wouldn’ t be the same, or be as similar , I think.  I think it’ s one of the things that you’re trying to go through as well, with Marshall.  I’m a little on the fence about it whether it’ s a good idea or not.  Is it okay if I, I’ll, I’d like to sort that out over the next day or so.  Is that, is that okay with you?  And,'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Dr. Bourd. If you had a private conversation, and he were to tell you what he really thought, would, might be dif ferent than what he would say in front of Ivan at this stage in their relationship." patient: "Why is that?" mental health assistant: "In other words, there may be times that—  If he’ s working right now with Ivan’ s defensiveness around it, sometimes you’re not going to immediately confront the defense, and say like, “Y ou’re wrong about this. You’re making up lies.” Right? I’m not saying—I’m reading beyond what he said. Because I don’t know . I don’ t know his full opinion about all this. But I do know that he said,—to be honest with you, this is sort of almost a direct quote—”I have a hard time buying into what he says all the time.” He says when he’ s in the room, and he’ s explaining it, it sounds convincing. But when you think about it sort of out of the heat of the moment, it still doesn’ t add up and doesn’ t make sense. So I am saying that to you because the side of what I think you might want to accomplish going in there is just hearing more of Dr . Bourd opinion. And that’ s kind of his two cents at this point. If I said to you—for example, let’ s say I didn’ t believe something you were saying—but if I just said to you, “I don’t believe you,” you might never come back again. So he [maybe put and partly]  sort of pacing himself with how to constructively , slowly , over time challenge some of the defenses. Like people’ s defenses exist for a reason. If I were to say the minute, the first day I meet someone, “Y ou’re defending yourself in this XYZ,” like people—it’ s not palatable. So he may—they may be at a place where it’ s just slow going to get to that point. He’ s not directly confronting some of it. Again, I’m extrapolating a little bit. And I wouldn’ t want him to sort of, to you get the impression that he thinks everything’ s fine, just because he’ s not directly confronting it." patient: "OK." ', 'therapist_result': 'That said, maybe this will force Dr . Bourd to actually confront some of it in a way , because you’re both in the room. You know , I don’ t know . There could be upside . But I just know he wanted to be thoughtful with Ivan about kind of pros and cons. And  likewise I want to sort of check in with you about what you hope it will do, what it might not do even though you hope it’ll do.', 'base_result': 'Okay.  "OK" can mean a lot of things.  Can you tell me more about what "OK" means for you right now?  Are you feeling understood?  Are you feeling frustrated, relieved, or something else entirely?  It sounds like you’re processing a lot of information about Dr. Bourd\'s approach and his relationship with Ivan. What\'s going through your mind as you think about this?\n', 'finetuned_result': '[10:05:41] Right. I guess I’m saying this because if it were you, it would be the same as, “What do you think.” It would be me talking to you all the time about how you’re not telling me everything or how you’re not being very honest with me.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "That would take up ten minutes of a session just reading it." patient: "I don’ t know how accurate that is." mental health assistant: "Yeah. So, I can ask him has he seen the list  or did he hear the list. It sounds like Dr . Farrow definitely has not." patient: "Nope." ', 'therapist_result': 'And I can encourage both of them to take a look because— And say—you know , this is again, I’m in some ways in your corner here,—but that you’re feeling like he’ s— There’ s an accountability that is not happening until that happens in a way that feels like you’re really getting at what this was, so you know what you’re working with, that you can’ t move forward past this.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like there's some confusion or disagreement about a list.  You're unsure about how accurate the information you've received is. That's completely understandable.  It can be really frustrating when information is unclear or conflicting.\n\nCan you tell me a little more about this list? What's on it, and why is it important?  And what makes you question its accuracy?  What specifically makes you doubt the information you've received?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I imagine this to be not at all unusual, although I don’ t know for sure, that it will take a while to get on the same page about what the content should be. It’ s not unlike, you’ve gone into this with your therapist; your therapist says, okay , I’m going to start with having you talk about your life, and you’ve been doing that for a year , and then it turns out there is this whole other thing, this anxiety that’ s been constant, and we start talking about that and then you say there’ s this thing at work. It’s a bit like that model of you’re going along, you’re going along, you’re going along, and another layer comes in, and it is my hope that it doesn’ t keep happening exactly like that, but more that as we start to put these layers together , it starts to emerge how they work together , and some of what you’re starting to say now , even just starting to put it together , like when I was talking about your father yesterday , you were sort of saying, oh yeah, my father , I mean, you made some remarks about how he was with you.  It’ s not a coincidence that one of your earliest memories of him is of his being gone. You’re saying a lot about your life now where things feel uncertain or people are not there, and it’ s not just the reality of it, it’ s how it feels. I’m sure that Leland, he’s a real guy . He’ s not a real guy , he’ s a real guy . But it does sound like you’re feeling somewhat untethered, if not from Leland, at least in terms of what his responses are. It’s not a big deal in the scheme of things, but if it’ s repetitive, it can make you feel kind of alone in this endeavor .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Nope." patient: "And I can encourage both of them to take a look because— And say—you know , this is again, I’m in some ways in your corner here,—but that you’re feeling like he’ s— There’ s an accountability that is not happening until that happens in a way that feels like you’re really getting at what this was, so you know what you’re working with, that you can’ t move forward past this." mental health assistant: "How would that feel?" patient: "I think that would help." ', 'therapist_result': 'What I don’ t know still is where the best place like if—certainly with Dr . Farrow I think it’ s really appropriate. And I think she’ll hear from me that I, you know , that you’re feeling like he needs to be held more accountable.  I don’ t know whether Dr. Bourd and Ivan will decide on, in their relationship is it helpful and healthy enough to have you in. Would you be open to it if they decide yes? Does that—like how do you feel about it?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you feel like you can\'t move forward until there\'s more accountability from [the other person/people involved].  You\'re saying that until they acknowledge and take responsibility for their part in what happened, you\'re stuck.  That makes perfect sense. It’s incredibly frustrating to feel like you can\'t progress until others take ownership of their actions.\n\nCan you tell me more about what kind of accountability you\'re looking for? What would that look like specifically?  And what does "moving forward" mean to you in this context?  What are you hoping to achieve once that accountability is reached?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Because I think that’ s part of the— I mean, that’ s what gets played out with this, is a kind of getting over , moving on. Like, what’ s the big deal, I’ve got to shake this off, I’ve got to moving forward. But not a feeling of having that— There’ s a part of this that has to do with grieving the relationship and understanding what it was that happened, that that’ s a kind of—'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "[Oh, that would—]" patient: "And it’ s not—how do I put this? When you—when we separated, when Ivan lived somewhere else for three months—and you said you need to stop talking with Dr . Bourd at all, like that was just like— I always worried, and I still worry that like he knew about the websites. He knew . Like maybe he knew about the list and never said anything. And I know that that’ s his job—" mental health assistant: "He didn’ t! Just so you know . At least—yeah, he wouldn’ t lie to me." patient: "But then I also wonder like did Ivan really have an af fair and Dr . Bourd knew about it the whole time, but he— You know , he’s doing his job. Like he’ s not allowed to say anything, but also like oh we separated, and then things never—you never just like started talking again or like, you know .  He has figured out a lot, about that. So I guess I essentially don’ t trust him a lot. And it’ s—I understand that that’ s his job, but it feels frustrating, someone trying to figure out what’ s going on." ', 'therapist_result': 'Just so you know , at least what I know about that, there are things you were telling me that Dr . Bourd didn’ t know yet. So when I would ask, “Do you—have you heard about this factor?” I would not explain any details and he would say , “Shocking. No idea,” you know .', 'base_result': "Okay, I hear you saying you're feeling frustrated and distrustful of Dr. Bourd, even though you understand it's his job to try and figure things out.  That sounds really difficult to manage.  Can you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel he might have known about the websites or Ivan's possible affair, and why that feels so frustrating?  What are the specific things that make you think he's been hiding information?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'No, I think that’ s part of what I want to talk about with you, because I think it’ s a place that you’re stuck. So I understand the fact that it’ s his job not to talk, and you wish he would. But I think we’re missing the point of that he won’ t tell you because that’ s not his job. That’ s not what he’ s there for . And that the—we don’ t see what’ s there until we react against the fact that he won’ t tell us something. And you see that as being a stuck place for you. And that’ s what I think I want to talk to you about. So that we can see it, and not look for him to be a person who’ s going to tell you what you want to hear . So I think we have the opportunity to look at that. And we’ll see what’ s there, and it may be that there’ s a lot of suf fering around that. And that’ s what I would want to work with. Because you’re stuck on what was that time. And you’re not able to get of f of it because you’re stuck wanting him to tell you something, or wanting him to have done something dif ferently . And then you’re stuck on the stuckness and we can look at that.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And do you need a suit?" patient: "I need a suit for interviews; I don’ t need a suit for temp stuf f. But I’m hoping that if I apply enough I think I’ll at least get some interviews. I still have to get it tailored. But then an hour of looking after I found the suit and I could not find a single shirt that was business casual looking. They were all looking like okay we’re going on summer vacation or going clubbing or I guess those would be the two extremes but I couldn’ t find anything. There were ones that might have worked but then they had tank top sleeves and I thought that’ s not very professional looking. And I’ve already on Wednesday I went searching the second hand store and couldn’ t find anything. And then went to The Gap and couldn’ t find anything and now I’m just I found a shirt on Amazon that I think will work that comes in multiple colors so I ordered on to see if it’ll fit but I have to wait until I ordered it on Sunday and I’ll get it on Tuesday and then I’ll have two shirts if it does fit. But I’m thinking how the hell am I going to get myself professionally attired? And I really don’ t think I’m that know where to get those types of clothes especially since now I’m a shirt size lar ger, extra lar ge and, yes." mental health assistant: "Yes it could be tricky to find a store that meets your needs." patient: "Yes. I guess I could always try Target and tomorrow the only thing I have on is the we have couples counseling at 10:00 in the morning. Yes, I can’ t start working until I have things that I can wear to work. And I’m just really frustrated that this is as hard as they’re making it out to be. Do they just not expect women to work in the fashion industry? They say oh they’re clearly all supported by their husbands and go out all the time and party and therefore don’ t need business-looking clothes?" ', 'therapist_result': 'I doubt that that’ s the case. There’ s plenty of women working and wearing clothes as they do it. But it might be that you’re having trouble finding the right style for you that feels comfortable and fits in where you’re looking. Have you talked to some friends? Where do they shop? Does anybody work in an office setting?', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're feeling incredibly frustrated and overwhelmed right now, and that's completely understandable.  Finding appropriate clothing for interviews and work can be surprisingly stressful, especially when you're facing challenges like finding your size and style.  It's valid to feel angry and disheartened by the apparent lack of options, and to wonder why finding professional attire seems so difficult.\n\nCan you tell me more about what's making you feel like the fashion industry doesn't cater to women in your situation? What specifically about the limited selection and styles you've encountered is fueling that frustration?  \n\nAnd it's also okay to feel frustrated that this seemingly simple task is taking up so much of your time and energy, leaving you feeling discouraged about your job search.  This process is already demanding enough without the added pressure of finding suitable clothing.  How is this impacting your overall job search strategy and your confidence in the process?\n\nBeyond the immediate clothing challenge, what are your biggest concerns about starting a new job and presenting yourself professionally?  What aspects of finding a job feel the most difficult right now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I had a job at which I’d say that one out of four of my colleagues who are women at my level at the institution are supported and one out of four go out all the time. But three out of four come to work  three out of four of them come to work and three out of four are not supported and three out of four go to the movies with their spouse or partner or significant other a couple of times a year.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Well dif ferent you may not be exactly the same size for tops as bottoms." patient: "Well [inaudible at 00:06:55] knows." mental health assistant: "Human beings are not necessarily uniform." patient: "But it’ s just -" ', 'therapist_result': 'And dif ferent styles and dif ferent makers sizing is not necessarily consistent across brands. So it is, which I know might be frustrating but trying on lots of dif ferent things. And maybe looking at some of the stores that are more specifically geared towards lar ger sizes because you might find more variety there that feels comfortable for you.', 'base_result': "Okay, it sounds like you're feeling frustrated about something related to sizing and your body.  Can you tell me more about what's bothering you?  It seems like there's something specific that's making you feel this way.  What is that?\n", 'finetuned_result': '[I’m helping to shape it] [31:22] But you know what you can do to get it done and [inaudible at 31:25] not a sense of [I can’ t do it] . That’ s what I’m trying to say . It’ s a dif ferent way to think about what’ s going on.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Well I think in letting her know that you’re applying you obviously want the position; you’d be happy for any information she could provide. You can’ t ask her hey can you put in, can you tell these people to hire me?" patient: "Yes I know ." mental health assistant: "You can’ t ask her that. But I think it’ s somewhat self-evident that you would like some help if possible by letting her know that you’re applying and you have a relationship with her ." patient: "Except I’m not even sure if she remembers me at this point because last time I worked a lot of stuf f with her was Spring 2009." ', 'therapist_result': 'Well you could remind her of that. Oh I know it’ s been a while; we worked together in the spring of 2009. I noticed you’re still connected to the zoo. I’m excited to put my name in the ring for the position that’ s open now . Thanks so much for your time. You’re just refreshing memory and personalizing if you can because the system is very impersonal. And if this is an important one, you taking that extra step of reaching out and reminding any connection you have that there is a positive connection, that you have this history .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling unsure about contacting her because it's been a long time – Spring 2009 – and you're worried she might not even remember you.  That makes perfect sense; it's been a while.  That uncertainty can be really tough.  \n\nCan you tell me more about what you're feeling right now about this situation? What specific anxieties or concerns are coming up for you besides the uncertainty of her remembering you?  What are the worst-case and best-case scenarios you’re imagining?\n\nAnd thinking about your relationship with her back in 2009, what was it like?  What kind of support, if any, did you receive from her then?  Remembering that might help you gauge what kind of response you might expect now.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Well you guys did have contact since then. I think that you emailed her last summer and asked about your file.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You can’ t ask her that. But I think it’ s somewhat self-evident that you would like some help if possible by letting her know that you’re applying and you have a relationship with her ." patient: "Except I’m not even sure if she remembers me at this point because last time I worked a lot of stuf f with her was Spring 2009." mental health assistant: "Well you could remind her of that. Oh I know it’ s been a while; we worked together in the spring of 2009. I noticed you’re still connected to the zoo. I’m excited to put my name in the ring for the position that’ s open now . Thanks so much for your time. You’re just refreshing memory and personalizing if you can because the system is very impersonal. And if this is an important one, you taking that extra step of reaching out and reminding any connection you have that there is a positive connection, that you have this history ." patient: "But I should frame it as an informational, saying hi and letting them know that I’m applying thing." ', 'therapist_result': 'Well I mean you might want to check go online, do a check I am not a career counselor so you can kind of look and see what are the best networking strategies when you have a past history with someone. Look for examples for what do people write on LinkedIn when they are trying to utilize connections. Maybe familiarize yourself with what the best ways are. But it does seem like if you have this connection, it’ s a loose connection, you want to position yourself to use it as best you can. And I don’ t know what the exact wording for that would be; that’ s beyond my area of expertise.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling a bit hesitant about reaching out to this person because it's been a while – Spring of 2009 – and you're unsure if she even remembers you.  That makes sense;  it's been quite some time.  It's understandable to feel apprehensive about reconnecting after such a long gap.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel unsure about how to frame the message?  What are your concerns about directly mentioning your application? What are you hoping to achieve by reaching out?  And what are you worried might happen if you do?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah. I think the worst thing you can do is you can ask them if there is any way you can pick their brain and they say we’re not supposed to talk about it because I really think it’ s the connections that have helped most people. I mean it’ s really the networking that’ s helped people the most.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Up it popped." patient: "Yes. So I’m really glad I found it." mental health assistant: "Yes, well I hope that it goes in a good direction for you. I really do." patient: "Do you think it would be a good idea for me to try to take a temp job that lasts two to three months if I’m trying to apply but I don’ t want to be without a job so I can stay in the apartment?" ', 'therapist_result': 'I think it’ s fine because I think that in the big picture, a temp job is a temp job. And while you don’t want to be flaky and not show up for things for smaller reasons, your career and getting yourself a permanent position is your main priority . And if you take a temp job and it’s supposed to be for two to three months and you get an opportunity to take a permanent position, then you resign in as a professional a way as you can. And if you’re of fered a position, you have negotiating room for a start date at that point. So if you get of fered a position they’re not going to say and we need you to start tomorrow or you don’ t get it. They’re going to of fer you a position and you’re going to say I’m so excited; I appreciate the opportunity . I can start in two weeks. And then you give two weeks’  notice at the other job. But we’re getting a little bit ahead of ourselves because you don’ t have an of fer in hand', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling relieved about finding this potential solution – a temporary job – to bridge the gap while you apply for more permanent roles. That’s a really proactive approach.  Tell me more about what makes you think a temporary job for two to three months might be a good fit? What are some of the pros and cons you see in that approach?  And what are your biggest concerns about being without a job and potentially losing your apartment? Let's explore those together.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think the only way you’re going to be able to stay in this apartment is to have a new job that’ s going to pay you, that’ s going to be your stable income so you can pay your rent, so yes, I think if you can find some income like that while you’re looking for this other job or any other job, yes.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yes, well I hope that it goes in a good direction for you. I really do." patient: "Do you think it would be a good idea for me to try to take a temp job that lasts two to three months if I’m trying to apply but I don’ t want to be without a job so I can stay in the apartment?" mental health assistant: "I think it’ s fine because I think that in the big picture, a temp job is a temp job. And while you don’t want to be flaky and not show up for things for smaller reasons, your career and getting yourself a permanent position is your main priority . And if you take a temp job and it’s supposed to be for two to three months and you get an opportunity to take a permanent position, then you resign in as a professional a way as you can. And if you’re of fered a position, you have negotiating room for a start date at that point. So if you get of fered a position they’re not going to say and we need you to start tomorrow or you don’ t get it. They’re going to of fer you a position and you’re going to say I’m so excited; I appreciate the opportunity . I can start in two weeks. And then you give two weeks’  notice at the other job. But we’re getting a little bit ahead of ourselves because you don’ t have an of fer in hand" patient: "Don’ t have an of fer but I do have to decide now whether or not do I tell them okay I can take two or three months position when I originally had said that when I had asked if I would be interested in shorter term things. So whether or not I tell them that when I call them up on Wednesday and see if there’ s anything." ', 'therapist_result': 'So I guess that you have a decision to make of whether you live with a little bit of the uncertainty of not knowing when you might get a position, when you might get an of fer for something full-time and can you decline politely to a temp job if something, if you get an interview for something or if you get an of fer for something.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're facing a decision about a temporary position, and you need to decide whether to accept a two-to-three month role even though you're hoping for something more permanent.  That sounds like a lot to consider.  Can you tell me more about what's making this decision feel difficult?  What are your biggest concerns right now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Right, right, right. Okay . So it sounds to me like it’ s okay to say that. It says a few things about you to say that. I mean it says that you’re available for this kind of work which clearly is the case. It also means that you know that you are in charge of what you’re doing and where you’re going and that you’re going to take advantage of opportunities as they come up. I don’t think it’ s going to look negative to say that.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I think it’ s fine because I think that in the big picture, a temp job is a temp job. And while you don’t want to be flaky and not show up for things for smaller reasons, your career and getting yourself a permanent position is your main priority . And if you take a temp job and it’s supposed to be for two to three months and you get an opportunity to take a permanent position, then you resign in as a professional a way as you can. And if you’re of fered a position, you have negotiating room for a start date at that point. So if you get of fered a position they’re not going to say and we need you to start tomorrow or you don’ t get it. They’re going to of fer you a position and you’re going to say I’m so excited; I appreciate the opportunity . I can start in two weeks. And then you give two weeks’  notice at the other job. But we’re getting a little bit ahead of ourselves because you don’ t have an of fer in hand" patient: "Don’ t have an of fer but I do have to decide now whether or not do I tell them okay I can take two or three months position when I originally had said that when I had asked if I would be interested in shorter term things. So whether or not I tell them that when I call them up on Wednesday and see if there’ s anything." mental health assistant: "So I guess that you have a decision to make of whether you live with a little bit of the uncertainty of not knowing when you might get a position, when you might get an of fer for something full-time and can you decline politely to a temp job if something, if you get an interview for something or if you get an of fer for something." patient: "Yes. It’ s just because the guys said oh call us, he said if you have a, are really , really , really sick or have a family emer gency . So it seems like those are the only reasons I could miss work. And I guess if they have a policy like that and are going to be ridiculous about it, they should know that people in temp jobs are applying for full-time things, then I guess I’ll have to make up the really sick or family emer gency . And I just feel so bad about doing that. I wouldn’ t obviously tell a job that I’m going to be interviewing for another job but I wouldn’ t want to have to actively lie like that. But they’re sort of forcing me to do that if I take a two to three month position like it is." ', 'therapist_result': 'So you’re going to continue to apply to permanent positions because that’ s what you ultimately want is something in your field. And if these conflicts arise then we can figure out the best way for you to manage the conflicts as they come up. But it seems you’re kind of getting a little bit ahead of yourself and getting really anxious about it because it hasn’ t occurred yet. And you can say no I won’ t take a two to three month position or you can take one and see how you can fit it in.', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're in a really tough spot, caught between the need for immediate income and the desire to pursue a long-term career goal.  It's completely understandable that you're feeling bad about the prospect of having to potentially mislead your temporary employer.  Can you tell me more about what's making you feel so bad about this possibility? What specifically feels dishonest or uncomfortable about it?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . I mean, I guess it’ s okay . I mean, it’ s not, I mean, I think that, yeah, I don’ t know . I mean, I guess it’s going to three to four days a week for the next three months. And if you’re not there, they’re going to be mad and they might not pay you. And so I guess you have to, it’s just kind of, it’s not an okay . It’ s more like it’s a reality .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Because I just am afraid I’ll take one and then feel trapped and feel like I, it and of course the whole rest of what if I come to a really awful environment and I’m stuck there for two to three months, and get too depressed to be able to leave and rather get depressed that I’m, when I’m at work every day and feel miserable and wake up I was so bad when I was at that job but I’ve been fine at other office environments." patient: "I guess it was the job plus the lack of any socialization. And just being in the cubicle by myself with no interaction with anyone while I was doing my job because it was all through e-mail or the system." mental health assistant: "What was your social life outside of work at that time? I don’ t remember when exactly that was." patient: "I was only there a week but I didn’ t really have a social life. I think I was still in Tekiah but I think I ended up missing a rehearsal instead of going and just it was come home to eat and sleep and that was brutal." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yes. So part of it is also you were thinking about one week, which was a really intense experience. But it’ s a pretty isolated time so it might I wonder would there have been a way to accommodate to that situation? Knowing that the workday felt really isolating and in cubicles and not a lot of social interaction. If you were there a longer term would there be a way to compensate for some of that on the back end thinking about scheduling things with friends for the evenings or to try to balance it. But one week really didn’ t give you time to do that. You had the negative experience of transitioning to a new place, feeling really uncomfortable in the days while you were there and not having any time to try to figure out how to compensate for that in the time out of work. So we don’ t know what would’ve happened it we would have done the experiment of trying to arrange the other parts of your day to make up for the work part of your day that was so negative.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that a week in that job was incredibly difficult, and it sounds like a combination of factors contributed to that. You mentioned the job itself, the lack of socialization *at* work, and the lack of socialization *outside* of work as well.  Can you tell me more about what specifically made the job so difficult?  What aspects of the work itself felt overwhelming or unpleasant?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think in a way what you’re doing is actually kind of what I’d hope would begin to happen. It sounds like you’re not yet really able to talk about the stuf f from last night. Not in detail. You’re kind of referring to it and putting some of your feelings around it in certain ways. But I didn’ t have the sense that you were sort of getting into it and going into what you went through. I had a sense that it was a surface level at which you were talking about it. In fact you’re not quite even sure whether you were dreaming or not. I think that’s because it’ s still very sensitive and you know , I had the sense that there were still a lot of feelings around the way your mom had spoken to you and what you’d said to her about it. I mean I think that’ s a big sensitivity around that.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "What was your social life outside of work at that time? I don’ t remember when exactly that was." patient: "I was only there a week but I didn’ t really have a social life. I think I was still in Tekiah but I think I ended up missing a rehearsal instead of going and just it was come home to eat and sleep and that was brutal." mental health assistant: "Yes. So part of it is also you were thinking about one week, which was a really intense experience. But it’ s a pretty isolated time so it might I wonder would there have been a way to accommodate to that situation? Knowing that the workday felt really isolating and in cubicles and not a lot of social interaction. If you were there a longer term would there be a way to compensate for some of that on the back end thinking about scheduling things with friends for the evenings or to try to balance it. But one week really didn’ t give you time to do that. You had the negative experience of transitioning to a new place, feeling really uncomfortable in the days while you were there and not having any time to try to figure out how to compensate for that in the time out of work. So we don’ t know what would’ve happened it we would have done the experiment of trying to arrange the other parts of your day to make up for the work part of your day that was so negative." patient: "I don’ t know because like I said I don’ t mind doing work. I don’ t even mind doing work the entire time and not having much time for breaks. It’ s just being so isolated and not having anyone around just made me feel miserable. And I’m not sure if socializing when I got home well even, I guess it would give me something to look forward to." ', 'therapist_result': 'Plus meet some of your needs for socialization. And also part of, I think, one of the things that we need to work on is being able to be resilient when there are things that are uncomfortable. Being able to tolerate some distress without it feeling so overwhelming. Being able to increase that because there are going to be things that are really uncomfortable. There’ll be times when you feel isolated or anxious or sad; those are parts of human experience and being able to tolerate those periods without becoming overwhelmed by them. And I think what often feels overwhelming for you is that when you’re having times like that you start to imagine that that’ s the course, not just for right then but also forever . It gets blown up to the future and that is very overwhelming. You’re thinking about feeling isolated forever or even a long period of time, months. That’ s really overwhelming. Being isolated for eight hours at a time is tolerable especially if the other times after that eight-hour workday is dif ferent. And so that’ s one of the things I think that would really work for you is being able to trust yourself that you could tolerate some of that discomfort, be resilient to it and compensate for it in other places.', 'base_result': "Okay, I hear you saying that the work itself wasn't the problem, but the intense isolation was the real source of your misery. That makes a lot of sense.  It sounds incredibly difficult to spend your days in such an isolating environment, and then come home feeling even more alone.  Can you tell me more about what made that feeling of isolation so miserable? What specifically made you feel so down?  What kind of interaction would have made a difference for you during that week?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah. So that’ s the question. I mean, what would you have done with the weekends and the evenings? Because I think the point isn’ t so much to say , oh I would’ve been okay had I been there longer . The point is to think about what happens when things are uncomfortable or stressful or shitty and do you have the resources and the skills to arrange your life in a way that makes them bearable and to recognize that not only does it make them bearable but that makes up for some of the bad stuf f. It helps you to feel more connected, to feel like life is more balanced, to feel like there’ s more you. So the point of that exercise is to see if you can do that. Not so much to see if there’ s a way to say , well I would’ve been okay had I been there longer because that’ s not necessarily the point. The point is to think about what the fuck you would’ve done had you stayed there longer . What would you do in the future because that’ s really the exercise.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But did you hear that? You came out of work every day . Five days, one week?" patient: "Oh a week and a half." mental health assistant: "So eight workdays, seven work days? So seven days and then you said if this is what life is. Life for how long? Write and see the limits on it." patient: "Well it was going to be three months." ', 'therapist_result': 'But three months is a semester . It’s a very big dif ference between life forever , life for two months, life for two years. What you can tolerate for two months because it gets you these other things, right, because time. But being able to see it as one day at a time or five workdays at a time and then a weekend makes it a lot more tolerable than thinking that this is what life is going to be like. That’ s pretty extended.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'ve been feeling this way for about a week and a half, and you\'re considering the possibility that this feeling, this sense of "this is what life is," could last for three months.  That sounds incredibly overwhelming.  Can you tell me more about what\'s making you feel that this is what your life is going to be like for the next three months?  What are some of the specific things that are contributing to that feeling?\n', 'finetuned_result': "Right. And did it matter if it was to be three months? In other words, I guess what I'm looking at is it is it your sense that for certain things that you might be struggling with, the long term implications of those things, or do you tend to be more in the present?"},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So eight workdays, seven work days? So seven days and then you said if this is what life is. Life for how long? Write and see the limits on it." patient: "Well it was going to be three months." mental health assistant: "But three months is a semester . It’s a very big dif ference between life forever , life for two months, life for two years. What you can tolerate for two months because it gets you these other things, right, because time. But being able to see it as one day at a time or five workdays at a time and then a weekend makes it a lot more tolerable than thinking that this is what life is going to be like. That’ s pretty extended." patient: "Yes, that’ s true." ', 'therapist_result': 'And it can really feel like that when you’re in the midst of something that feels miserable; it can feel like it’ s forever . Being able to step back and say okay really how long do I need to put up with this? Oh I need to put up with it for 10 more days or I know that’ s not the specific example but finding ways to withstand really uncomfortable parts of life is part of life.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you've realized that seeing this situation as a temporary three-month period, a semester, makes it feel much more manageable than if it were to last indefinitely.  That's a really important insight.  Can you tell me more about what makes the difference between thinking of it as three months versus forever? What specific feelings or thoughts shift when you change your perspective?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'In a way you’re also sort of, I’m thinking back to your saying that this is what life is, you’re also kind of putting yourself on the spot as well as your mom. In other words it’s sort of saying , I don’t need your input into this, I’m just telling you. I’m not asking you what you think. Not that I think you’re doing it but I think there is a way that’ s sort of what you’re saying. This is what it is. So I’m not asking what your input is.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But three months is a semester . It’s a very big dif ference between life forever , life for two months, life for two years. What you can tolerate for two months because it gets you these other things, right, because time. But being able to see it as one day at a time or five workdays at a time and then a weekend makes it a lot more tolerable than thinking that this is what life is going to be like. That’ s pretty extended." patient: "Yes, that’ s true." mental health assistant: "And it can really feel like that when you’re in the midst of something that feels miserable; it can feel like it’ s forever . Being able to step back and say okay really how long do I need to put up with this? Oh I need to put up with it for 10 more days or I know that’ s not the specific example but finding ways to withstand really uncomfortable parts of life is part of life." patient: "Yes. There are ways of me getting out of the house and stuf f and I would have money and would not have to feel bad about stuf f or things." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yes. It’ s not learning to tolerate distress is not just for the purposes of being uncomfortable. It’ s because oftentimes there’ s another side to it, there’ s a reason like being able to keep your apartment, getting some structure to your days, feeling more independent. Those are the benefits of being a little bit more flexible in what kind of environment you can work in. You know you mentioned you have a couple’ s session coming up. This is', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're acknowledging that there are ways for you to get out of the house, have money, and not feel bad about things. That's a really important step.  Can you tell me more about those ways? What specifically comes to mind when you think about that?  What would those activities look like?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Well not like it’s now . I mean the fact that you have your own place and you have the resources to live on your own is huge. I mean it’ s a huge dif ference than even if this is not the way you want it to be; at least you have that. There’ s a huge difference between your experience now and that experience. This is just kind of a blip in comparison. It’ s a really bad blip; I mean I’m not trying to minimize it. But it’ s .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yes. It’ s not learning to tolerate distress is not just for the purposes of being uncomfortable. It’ s because oftentimes there’ s another side to it, there’ s a reason like being able to keep your apartment, getting some structure to your days, feeling more independent. Those are the benefits of being a little bit more flexible in what kind of environment you can work in. You know you mentioned you have a couple’ s session coming up. This is" patient: "Tomorrow ." mental health assistant: "Tomorrow? Do you want to talk at all about what you’re hoping to get out of it, what you’re I know you asked some questions about what to anticipate before." patient: "I’m trying to figure out because it still has happened that I get really mad at Sydney . And even if I don’t say anything he knows that I’m mad because of the expression I have or something. And I want to figure out how I can deal with that in a way that he can handle because right now he seems like the only thing he can handle is me not being mad at him. But if he’ s made me upset, even if I don’ t choose to talk about it or something I don’ t really feel like I have the ability to let it go. And if I do that it’ll just build up more and come out worse a little bit later . And I feel like it’ s kind of unrealistic to say that I should never get upset with him in the first place if he’ s done something upsetting." ', 'therapist_result': 'That does seem unrealistic, right, because I mean as we just discussed discomfort, distress is part of life. And him being able to tolerate some discomfort is the same as you needing to be able to tolerate some discomfort. Do you know what he’ s hoping to get out of it? Have you talked at all about what your expectations are with each other?', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling a lot of pressure going into this couples session tomorrow.  You're worried about your anger towards Sydney, and how it affects him, even when you don't verbally express it.  You're right, that's a lot to manage.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically makes you angry with Sydney?  What kinds of situations usually trigger this feeling?\n\nAnd you mentioned that you feel like the only thing he can handle is you *not* being mad.  That sounds incredibly challenging for both of you.  What makes you think that's the case?  Have you talked to him about this directly?\n\nYou also said you feel it's unrealistic to expect yourself to *never* be upset with him.  I completely agree.  It's perfectly valid to feel angry or upset when your partner does something that hurts or upsets you.  What are your thoughts on how you might express that anger in a way that feels healthier for both of you?  Perhaps, what are some alternative ways of processing your anger besides letting it build up?  What feels most achievable for you right now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'But you are asking a little bit about let’ s not have a big explosion if you get a little bit mad. So there are some things that to learn to do. You’re not looking to sit there and have a big fight with him tomorrow but to say look, there are times that you get upset about things and I’m okay with you getting upset. But we need to look at ways for you to express that a little bit more healthily and not to escalate it into this big place where you’re losing it and you’re not looking at what he’ s saying and you’re not looking at what you’re saying and it’ s all about your anger and there’ s no getting through it.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But you feel they definitely need to in order to continue the relationship?" patient: "Well yes because I don’ t want to not care about him not being upset." mental health assistant: "Do you care about him being outside of an ar gument, like now? Do you care about whether he’ s upset or does that ?" patient: "Yes. If it’ s outside an ar gument and he’ s feeling sad I don’ t want him to be feeling sad or kind of ditches when it’ s an ar gument and it’ s something that -" ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s hard to maintain both your perspective and his at the same time. Yes, that’ s really challenging. Are there things you so that’ s something that you feel like you’re assuming he needs you to change because you haven’ t really been able to talk about it with him. I mean you’ve had ar guments and that’ s maybe what you’re basing your assumption on?', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you care deeply about him, even outside of arguments.  That’s a really important thing to acknowledge.  It tells me you value this relationship.\n\nCan you tell me more about what it feels like when he's upset, even outside of an argument?  What specifically makes you feel you *need* him to address the issues to maintain the relationship?  Is it the fear of the sadness lingering, or something else?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . Okay . So you want to take care of him and he’ s feeling sad because you want him to be happy or be okay . I was thinking about what you were saying about him being upset about you going to California and just how quickly I mean, you must have been in this quite intensely . It sounds like it was an emer gency and you’re thinking, oh my god, how can he react like that? What does this mean for us? And then you kind of settled a bit and went, okay , he’ s stressed. He was tired and it’ s not so much about me and that was a comfort to you and it actually comforted you and helped you settle from feeling very agitated and anxious and unsettled.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So it’ s cultural dif ferences." patient: "And I’m thinking it’ s not polite to it’ s one thing when a complete stranger asks hi how are you doing and you say fine; it’ s another thing when your girlfriend asks how are you doing and you say fine and you really mean no I’m doing really horribly . And I might ask are you sure and he says yes. And if I’m asking a second time he really should because it’ s sort of wanting confirmation because I am sort of picking up on the fact that he’s upset or something but then he tells me, and for me the word overpowers any other nonverbal evidence." mental health assistant: "So you’re really listening to the words and when there’ s a mismatch you’re going to believe the words." patient: "Yes, even though I shouldn’ t. That would be way easier if he just used the words that mean what he feels." ', 'therapist_result': 'I’ve noticed that sometimes in here the specific word choice also really matters to you. If I say something that I need to be kind of, sometimes I say things I mean in a more general way and you really focus a lot of the specifics of a situation and a particular incident that we’re discussing. Which isn’ t necessarily I’m not pointing that out to say that’ s a problem but in a relationship or in a conversation, making sure that we’re on the same page and sometimes being able to generalize can be helpful. But if I think we’re talking about something in general and you think we’re talking about a particular moment, it might lead to feeling really misunderstood or frustrated', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling frustrated because your boyfriend\'s words don\'t match what you\'re observing in his behavior.  You\'re picking up on nonverbal cues suggesting he\'s upset, but he insists he\'s "fine."  That\'s understandable; it must be really confusing and even a little disheartening to feel like you\'re not being heard or believed.\n\nCan you tell me more about what those nonverbal cues are that make you think he\'s not actually fine? What specifically are you seeing or noticing?\n\nAnd, you mentioned it\'s easier if he just used words that match his feelings.  What makes it difficult, do you think, for him to express himself that way?  Could it be related to the cultural differences we discussed earlier?  Perhaps there are expectations or norms in his culture about expressing emotions that differ from your own?\n\nIt sounds like you’re trying really hard to understand him and connect with him. It’s also valid that you feel frustrated when your efforts aren\'t fully reciprocated.  What are some things you need or want from him in this situation?  What would make you feel more heard and understood?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'That’ s one of the things we have to get into. I’m not going to say that you know , that you just don’ t want to talk about this or you know , you never want to talk about this. You know , it’ s not as if you have some kind of like automatic response. It’ s like you do have it. Yeah.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s not, you’re saying or does -" patient: "Yes, it’ s not. And maybe because of course I expect there to be more boundaries between me and other people and if they ask me how I’m doing I will probably say fine even though I’m not." mental health assistant: "Yes, so you want there to be a dif ference between your partner and your therapist." patient: "It’s just instinct to have to put up a front to those things and I can do that for the time when I’m upset with someone in my day-to-day life I could probably hold it in until I get away from them or something. But if I’m around Sydney all the time I can’ t put up that front forever and it feels exhausting to have to do that. And maybe I never really had many ar guments with Dad because I only saw him two or three days a week." ', 'therapist_result': 'A lot more individual time than intimate time. Well I hope that, this is the first meeting with the couples counseling project. I hope that it feels like a good match and you’re able to develop a plan that would be helpful to you guys. Why don’ t we wrap up there for today? I need to check in with you about next week because I unfortunately need to have some medical tests that are going to get in the way of our session.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling exhausted from having to maintain a "front" around Sydney, and you\'re realizing that this might be linked to your past experiences with your dad.  That makes sense.  It sounds incredibly draining to constantly keep your feelings hidden.\n\nCan you tell me more about what that "front" feels like?  What specifically are you hiding, and how does it affect your body or your mind when you\'re putting it up?\n\n\nAnd regarding your relationship with your dad – you mentioned you only saw him a few days a week, and that you didn\'t have many arguments.  Is that something you think contributed to your current struggle with maintaining boundaries and expressing your feelings? What comes to mind when you think about your relationship with your dad in relation to how you feel with Sydney now?\n\nIt sounds like you\'re noticing a pattern, a way of relating to people that might not be serving you best.  It\'s okay to feel this way.  It takes courage to recognize these patterns and want to make a change. What thoughts or feelings come up for you when you consider the possibility of changing this pattern?  What might that change look like?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'And  maybe  you’ve wanted to ar gue with me but you’ve also wanted me to be attentive and caring when you share something difficult so while I’m not being a contrarian in saying , “I’m going to do the opposite of what you want,” it is a bit contrarian to say , “Look, I don’ t want to hear that about me, I just want you to listen and really help,” then I start to take a side and say “no, actually it’ s not me, it’ s you.” And in some way that’s you saying, “I don’ t want us to be like you and your father and I don’ t want you to just be on your side.”'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yes, so you want there to be a dif ference between your partner and your therapist." patient: "It’s just instinct to have to put up a front to those things and I can do that for the time when I’m upset with someone in my day-to-day life I could probably hold it in until I get away from them or something. But if I’m around Sydney all the time I can’ t put up that front forever and it feels exhausting to have to do that. And maybe I never really had many ar guments with Dad because I only saw him two or three days a week." mental health assistant: "A lot more individual time than intimate time. Well I hope that, this is the first meeting with the couples counseling project. I hope that it feels like a good match and you’re able to develop a plan that would be helpful to you guys. Why don’ t we wrap up there for today? I need to check in with you about next week because I unfortunately need to have some medical tests that are going to get in the way of our session." patient: "Okay . Hope everything is okay ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Thank you. So I have to be out in the afternoon but I could come in in the morning, which might work better for you depending on what happens with work. So we’re looking at the 19th. I could do a 10:30 or a 12:30 on Tuesday the 19th. I could do a 9:30.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling exhausted from having to maintain a facade around your partner, Sydney.  It sounds like it’s a constant effort, and that’s understandable.  It makes sense that you'd be able to put up a front more easily with someone you see less frequently, like your Dad.  Can you tell me more about what specifically feels exhausting about maintaining that front with Sydney?  What kinds of feelings are you having to suppress or hide?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . And I’ll update you too about what my plan is going forward. It’s a little bit uncertain right now , but I will give you the latest information on Tuesday . All right.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So are you telling me why you can’ t look at things?" patient: "I can look at them. I’m telling you why it might be a waste of time to apply to them. I mean, I guess I can start with the ones that are newer ." mental health assistant: "You have plenty of time. When you were working and trying to look for a job, then your time was limited." patient: "A waste of my emotional ener gy. Which is more limited than my time is. I guess I do have all the time now, especially now that the Takeo concert is over now , so I don’ t have anything going on on Sundays or Tuesdays." ', 'therapist_result': 'So if it’ s the emotional ener gy that feels limiting, how can we make it so that it requires less energy to pursue these? Because the only way to get a job is to apply to jobs, and sometimes lots of them. And so, I think we need to find ways to make it a little bit less taxing. To make it less anxiety-producing. So that you can really apply to everything that would be an option. It doesn’ t make sense to expend ener gy applying to things that are not really options. But if something is interesting, and in your field, and open, then it’ s an option.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling overwhelmed by the prospect of applying for things, not necessarily that you're physically unable to look at applications.  You mentioned it's a waste of your emotional energy, and that's a really important point.  Can you tell me more about what specifically drains your emotional energy when you think about applying? What feelings come up for you?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . And in terms of you putting it of f, it seems like you are not sure about a lot of the places that you’re talking about. Maybe you’re not sure of your experience in the place. Maybe you’re not sure of the work itself. Maybe you’re not sure of what they’re like to work with.  You say you have some ideas about it, but you’re not sure. Is that what you’re talking about?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You’re probably less likely . If you know he’ s here with the car , you’re less likely to do that, right? You want to make it something that it’ s easy to say yes to." patient: "Yeah, maybe like in the middle of the week, getting bubble tea. That would probably be worth it. Then" mental health assistant: "Yeah, so if you made that the scheduled, and then you’re maybe ready for therapy , or for tonight’ s day, it’s an extra bonus walk to the tea." patient: "It feels like it’ s not enough since it’ s only like a 10 minute walk." ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s not enough to lose the weight quickly , but it’ s more than what you’re doing now . And what we want to avoid is for that all or nothing category . You sometimes set yourself up, because if it’ s not enough to reach the final goal, it feels like it’ s not worth doing at all. And you really want to build in, it’ s more than you’re doing now , so it’ s a step in that direction. Once you get used to doing that level, it’ s easier to add more. It’ s very unlikely that you’re going to maintain a drastic change. So, if you want to maintain these changes, which is what you really need to do, right? Because it really needs to be a lifestyle change. But people don’ t really dramatically change their lifestyles, and keep it by doing it all at once. The way you can make it a consistent change is by doing little things that you get used to, and then that just feels like that’ s the status quo. I always get out my door and walk to tea, rather than jump on the bus. When it feels like the status quo, it’ s really easy to do. So making these smaller changes that you can practice until they feel normal. And then, you can make another little change that you practice until it feels normal. And that way it doesn’ t feel taxing, it doesn’ t feel like you’re depriving yourself of things. It just feels normal, and then you really see the dif ference.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling like a ten-minute walk for bubble tea isn't quite enough to counteract the difficulties you're facing.  Can you tell me more about why you feel that way? What makes you feel like it's insufficient?  What would feel like *enough*?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'It’s more of a reward to have the extra walk. Okay , so it doesn’ t have to be a punishment. It can be a reward. It can be a drink of bubble tea. I don’ t want you to do this as a punishment though.  I don’ t want you to do something as a punishment. We’re figuring out what you do want to do. I don’ t want you to do something that’ s a penalty for yourself, or a pun ishment. I want you to do something that you want to do, because it’ s pleasing to you. It makes you feel good. It makes you feel motivated. We’re picking out what you do want. We’re looking for some of your power , that you really have, to say , “This is what I want for me.” What do you want for you?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I’d say between 50 and 75 percent of the time." patient: "So lots." mental health assistant: "What does it mean to you that most of the time it becomes about that other stuf f?" patient: "I mean, I’ve always had a habit of grouping similar events together , and noticing patterns, and stuf f. Something became that, plus all the times before it." ', 'therapist_result': 'Well, when it’ s the same thing, it’ s a pattern. But when it goes from you said you would help me pack the car to I’m frustrated about your lack of libido, that’ s not a pattern. They’re legitimate things. They’re both things you’re concerned about. One, his ability to follow through on plans, and the issue of feeling sexually attracted to you, and being interested in sex in general, is certainly another issue about which you can have concerns. But those are not related.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying that you\'ve noticed a pattern of these "other things" taking over a significant portion of your time and energy.  That\'s a really insightful observation about yourself. Can you tell me more about what those "other things" are, and what it feels like when they take over?  And when you say it\'s "become" that way,  what changed?  Is there a specific event or time that stands out as a turning point?  It sounds like you\'re naturally inclined to look for connections and patterns – is that usually helpful for you, or does it become problematic sometimes?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'It’s my impression you spend lots of time thinking about it, in the sense of analyzing what it meant. I was wondering, do you spend lots of time just feeling? Do you allow yourself to feel it? Because it seems to me the whole process involves not just seeing it, which you do very well, but also what does it mean.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Right. No, it’ s a dif ference. And they’re both necessary . Sleeping and having time to yourself. Relaxation is really important. I wonder if that’ s one of the reasons you’re feeling frustrated, is that you don’ t have that time to yourself. And why it feels like you don’ t really have free time, even though you’re not working, and there’ s hours available in the days to do things. You’re not really on your own." patient: "Yeah.  A lot of the times we’ll both want to listen to something, or whatever , and that’ll cut into if I was feeling motivated to write a cover letter , or something like that. And we at least worked around it the last time, by being like, okay , can we wait until I write this cover letter . Sometimes he’ s just playing a computer game or something, in which case I have no excuse for not writing cover letters then. But none of it is alone time. I think if I he had one activity , maybe in the daytime when I don’ t have an activity . Maybe one or two days a week. Then I’d probably be good." mental health assistant: "Yeah, it sounds like you’re craving some independence. In a healthy relationship, there’ s room for that. For both people to have independence, and to choose time together . It doesn’ t sound like you’re -" patient: "I guess it’ s just the whole problem with the apartment setup, you know? There’ s the living room, which doesn’ t have a door or anything like that. There’ s the bedroom, and there’ s the bathroom. There’ s the kitchen," ', 'therapist_result': 'Right. So part of it is a space issue. The apartment isn’ t really set up for you both to be there and feel like there’ s a lot of separateness. However , you could have two people living in an apartment, and you could both have some independence, if both people were willing to give each other space. He could go out, do some more of his own stuf f. You could go to sleep independently . Except it seems like he’ s very dependent on you. The relationship has become such in that you guys rely on each other for most everything. You’ve talked in the past about feeling kind of reliant on him to do something with you. Whether it be to bring the boxes down with you for recycling, or unpack stuf f, or move the car . There’ s a lot of reliance upon each other to get tasks done or go out.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying the apartment layout is contributing to the feeling of a lack of alone time.  Can you tell me more about how the lack of separate spaces impacts your ability to focus on things like writing cover letters, or just generally having time to yourself?  What specific feelings or thoughts come up when you're in those shared spaces and trying to do something independently?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'That’ s right. So, it’ s not like you have a study of your own to go to, or something like that. So, you’re saying you’re missing that time to be by yourself and not be connected.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You can’ t control it. But you can decide whether or not you’re willing to live with it." patient: "I guess the only real way around it would just be to never do anything that relies on him again. Like, you know , instead of calling, I should have just taken the car back instead. But I wanted to get that walk in there, from Stanford Central. At the time, it felt like it was a good decision because I’m like, oh, I’m saving up the money for the cab." mental health assistant: "Mhm. It was a good decision for you." patient: "Except for the part at the end, where he could meet me at Belmont.  Yeah, we actually have our first couples’  session on Wednesday . Though I don’ t know what to expect. I don’ t know if it’ s just sort of normal" ', 'therapist_result': 'I can tell you what couples counseling is like with me . It probably bears some resemblance. In the first session, it would be a lot like the first session of an individual therapy session. Where I would ask both people to talk a little bit about why they chose to come, what was going on, what prompted them to seek therapy together . I usually let them pick who wants to talk first. So, the similarity would certainly be in that, your first session you usually talk about what your issue is. Why are you coming to therapy , what you want to get out of it. What are your goals? It feels a little bit dif ferent sometimes, because you’ll be talking in front of each other . When I do couples therapy , I never have people in the room separately . Some therapists do. So that’ s one dif ference, and I don’ t know . Who did you end up going with?', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling conflicted about a recent situation involving relying on your partner for a ride, and it's brought up some anxieties about your upcoming couples' therapy session.  Can you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel that relying on him was a bad decision?  What aspects of that experience are you having trouble with now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'It can be...it can be hard to predict. I would say , for the first session, the main things that the therapist tends to do are, one, is to hear the two of you, sort of like I do, about what’ s bringing you to therapy . What each of your what each of your hopes are.  Also, some time together about how to work together as a couple. What ground rules to have. What are the norms going to be when you’re all in the room together .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I guess the only real way around it would just be to never do anything that relies on him again. Like, you know , instead of calling, I should have just taken the car back instead. But I wanted to get that walk in there, from Stanford Central. At the time, it felt like it was a good decision because I’m like, oh, I’m saving up the money for the cab." patient: "Mhm. It was a good decision for you." mental health assistant: "Except for the part at the end, where he could meet me at Belmont.  Yeah, we actually have our first couples’  session on Wednesday . Though I don’ t know what to expect. I don’ t know if it’ s just sort of normal" patient: "I can tell you what couples counseling is like with me . It probably bears some resemblance. In the first session, it would be a lot like the first session of an individual therapy session. Where I would ask both people to talk a little bit about why they chose to come, what was going on, what prompted them to seek therapy together . I usually let them pick who wants to talk first. So, the similarity would certainly be in that, your first session you usually talk about what your issue is. Why are you coming to therapy , what you want to get out of it. What are your goals? It feels a little bit dif ferent sometimes, because you’ll be talking in front of each other . When I do couples therapy , I never have people in the room separately . Some therapists do. So that’ s one dif ference, and I don’ t know . Who did you end up going with?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Okay , so some therapists will do part of the time with each person separately , and then part of the time with each of them together . So I don’ t know about her method. After the first session, usually you kind of let people talk about a little bit about what happened each week, to sort of get the ball rolling. What I like to do is really observe patterns of communication. Because I think one of the things that really af fects relationships is how people talk to each other . It’s a lot of what you talk about being a problem between you and Sydney , is how can you guys really express what you’re feeling? His intolerance, or inability to tolerate when you’re angry with him, that’ s something that I would really work on. Kind of figuring out what makes it feel so intolerable to him, how are ways that you can express what you’re feeling to him that don’ t feel so toxic. And are there ways that he can also work on maybe being more open to hearing what you’re saying, and finding some techniques for that to work in both directions. Sometimes that involves practicing having ar guments in the session, with the therapist helping to maintain a level of intensity that feels safe for everybody . Does that answer some of your question?', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling a bit apprehensive about your first couples' session on Wednesday.  That's completely understandable. It sounds like a big step.  Can you tell me more about what specifically is making you feel uncertain or nervous about it?  What are your biggest concerns or worries right now regarding the session?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Alright. Well, I was worried that you’d make us sit down on a couch together . Well, not that it’s a horrible thing, but I was worried that it would be a dreadful experience.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Okay , so some therapists will do part of the time with each person separately , and then part of the time with each of them together . So I don’ t know about her method. After the first session, usually you kind of let people talk about a little bit about what happened each week, to sort of get the ball rolling. What I like to do is really observe patterns of communication. Because I think one of the things that really af fects relationships is how people talk to each other . It’s a lot of what you talk about being a problem between you and Sydney , is how can you guys really express what you’re feeling? His intolerance, or inability to tolerate when you’re angry with him, that’ s something that I would really work on. Kind of figuring out what makes it feel so intolerable to him, how are ways that you can express what you’re feeling to him that don’ t feel so toxic. And are there ways that he can also work on maybe being more open to hearing what you’re saying, and finding some techniques for that to work in both directions. Sometimes that involves practicing having ar guments in the session, with the therapist helping to maintain a level of intensity that feels safe for everybody . Does that answer some of your question?" patient: "I guess it’ s not like individual therapy , where you might have individual therapy for the rest of your life." mental health assistant: "Yeah, usually not. Usually it’ s shorter term." patient: "Like, is it usually a couple months? It’ s a year?" ', 'therapist_result': 'It can really vary . So it could be a few months. It could be a year . It’s usually not forever , because usually people are coming because they have a specific goal of trying to figure out whether or not the relationship’ s going to work, or figure out some techniques that they can then evolve in their lives themselves. So you can kind of work on those, get them comfortable, and move on without the therapist. Sometimes people use it as sort of checking back in. You’re going with a very specific question of: are there things we can change in the relationship to make it work? Or are these things not changeable? And therefore you don’ t want to continue. Is that correct?', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're wondering about the typical length of couples therapy, right?  You're thinking about how it compares to individual therapy, which can sometimes be ongoing.  That makes sense to wonder about.  Can you tell me a little more about what makes you think it might be a year, or what makes a couple of months seem like a possibility to you? What are your expectations for the process and the outcome?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'So, it could be anything between six months and a year . It could actually be longer if there’ s a lot of trauma to unpack and work through. Sometimes people will come in with a defined goal, something that’ s very clear to them of what they want to achieve, and those things can be fairly short. Sometimes when people come in they don’ t even know what it is they want to work on, so the first six months to a year is around exploring what they want to work on. Then, once you define those things, you can spend some time really addressing them.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah, usually not. Usually it’ s shorter term." patient: "Like, is it usually a couple months? It’ s a year?" mental health assistant: "It can really vary . So it could be a few months. It could be a year . It’s usually not forever , because usually people are coming because they have a specific goal of trying to figure out whether or not the relationship’ s going to work, or figure out some techniques that they can then evolve in their lives themselves. So you can kind of work on those, get them comfortable, and move on without the therapist. Sometimes people use it as sort of checking back in. You’re going with a very specific question of: are there things we can change in the relationship to make it work? Or are these things not changeable? And therefore you don’ t want to continue. Is that correct?" patient: "Mhm." ', 'therapist_result': 'One thing you might set with the therapist is how long do you want to give it? And what are the markers that you would use to see if you’re being able to make progress toward making it feel sustainable. Then you can kind of set those time limits. Is that a year? Is that three months? is that two years? It’ s not forever . I know you know that. You’ve said to me it’ s not forever . You don’ t want it to be like this, you don’ t want the relationship to continue this way forever .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that the length of therapy feels longer than you anticipated – a year instead of a few months.  That sounds understandably frustrating.  Can you tell me more about what's making this timeframe feel so long? What were your initial expectations going into therapy, and how do those compare to your experience so far?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'So, I mean, that’ s where we would be like, okay . This is not the magical thing. We’re looking at whether it can be, like, this is the trial. And so if you’re having these thoughts, we need to be talking about them. We need to be talking about them because you’re having them now and because the work that we’re doing is not just about your mom, but is about you. And so it’ s important to be looking at those feelings as they’re coming up. So, I’m aware of us being a minute out. Are you okay , Morgan? I know I kind of ran you through a lot there, and I’m kind of shifting gears, but I want to shift to talking about the week. Any thoughts or feelings you want to mention?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "That’ s part of the reason why you guys are having trouble." patient: "Yeah. I mean, I don’ t know if we would have just not had any trouble in the first place if he hadn’ t gotten depressed in the first place. I assume we would have eventually butted heads on something, but I don’ t" mental health assistant: "Things felt very dif ferent at the beginning." patient: "Yeah. It was just such a short period of time before he got depressed, and  is there anything I should do to, like, prepare for couples counseling?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Have you two talked together about what your goals are? Are there things that you’d be afraid to say? That might be something you want to do. If you want to be able to be honest in front of him, and not feel like you’re not saying things because he’ s there. You said you have a session on Wednesday . So sometime today or tomorrow , you might want to sit down and talk about, hey , what are your ideas about why you want to go. What do you want to get out of it? And then you can share with him what you want to get out of it.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling like your partner\'s depression significantly impacted your relationship, and you\'re wondering how to best prepare for couples counseling. That sounds like a really thoughtful and proactive step.\n\nBefore we talk about preparing for couples counseling, I want to understand a little more about what you\'re experiencing.  Can you tell me more about what "things felt very different" at the beginning? What were those differences, and how did they make you feel?  \n\nAnd you mentioned that you assume you would have eventually had disagreements, even without the depression.  Can you expand on that a bit? What kind of disagreements do you anticipate, and how do you think you would have handled those differently before his depression?\n\nFinally, what are your biggest concerns or hopes going into couples counseling?  What are you hoping to achieve through therapy?  What specifically makes you feel apprehensive or uncertain?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Like  you were just saying, I think your biggest concern is  you guys are not on the same page right now in terms of what this means for the relationship. I think you’re starting to feel that way , but you’re not sure he’ s on board, and the other thing that I could tell you is to think about what you want out of counseling.  Of course I’ll work with the two of you, but I’d like us to start with you having a sense of what you want out of this.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Things felt very dif ferent at the beginning." patient: "Yeah. It was just such a short period of time before he got depressed, and  is there anything I should do to, like, prepare for couples counseling?" mental health assistant: "Have you two talked together about what your goals are? Are there things that you’d be afraid to say? That might be something you want to do. If you want to be able to be honest in front of him, and not feel like you’re not saying things because he’ s there. You said you have a session on Wednesday . So sometime today or tomorrow , you might want to sit down and talk about, hey , what are your ideas about why you want to go. What do you want to get out of it? And then you can share with him what you want to get out of it." patient: "Yeah, I mean, I’m hoping he’ s not just going to say , oh, I’m going because you wanted to go. I don’ t think that’ s the case. He knows we’ve been fighting, and he does think it would be helpful, too. But I’m not sure he has any clearly articulated goals. I guess I’m just also afraid of him being, yeah, I just can’ t have this conversation right now , and that into Wednesday ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Hm. And if he does, then you’ve opened up the opportunity to talk about it before you get there. Another purpose of having the couples counseling is if the conversations are too difficult to have on your own, the therapist’ s office provides a place where you are going to address this stuf f. And the therapist can help support him in having the conversation so this stuf f doesn’ t just get pushed of f and never discussed. So, if he says no I can’ t have this conversation right now , you can honor that and say , okay , we’re going to have the conversation on Wednesday during our time.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling a bit anxious about your upcoming couples counseling session, and understandably so.  It's normal to feel apprehensive about having these important conversations, especially given the recent changes and the challenges you've been facing.\n\nYou mentioned you hope he's not just going because *you* wanted to go, and that he doesn't have clearly articulated goals.  Can you tell me more about what makes you feel that way? What specifically makes you think his reasons might not be as clear or as invested as yours?\n\nAnd you're worried he might shut down the conversation before Wednesday. That's a valid concern.  What are some of the things you anticipate might trigger that reaction from him?  What would it feel like if that happened?  It's okay to acknowledge those feelings – fear and anxiety are natural responses in these situations.\n\nFinally, you said that the speed with which his depression developed felt significant.  How did that rapid change impact your relationship, and how does that impact your feelings going into counseling?  Talking about that might be helpful in understanding the context of your current struggles.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah, that’ s possible. I guess what I’m also thinking is that sometimes when I point something out to people, they kind of go into problem solving mode of like, ‘Alright, how do I fix this or how do I manage this.’ So what I’m hoping is that you’re like, ‘Okay , well, I don’ t know about that.’ But at least you know it. You’re aware that that’ s possible. And so, okay , you like sort of like relinquish control over that and think about, ‘Well, what do I want to get out of this, then.’ Because then at least that’ s something that’ s yours.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I hope he’ll really be able to commit and go with you. Because you can’ t do couples therapy by yourself." patient: "I don’ t really know if there’ s anything I can do to make it easier on him ahead of time." mental health assistant: "Well, you can ask him that. That’ s a very supportive thing to ask." patient: "I’ll ask him that when I see him. For some reason, I’m very nervous about this and I don’ t know why ." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think it’ s normal to be nervous. You’re meeting a new person. You haven’ t done this mode of therapy before. It’ s a scary thing to go and do because the decision of whether or not you want to stay in a relationship is a big one. You know that part of the reason you’re going to therapy is to try and answer that question for yourself. Really confronting that can be anxiety producing. Avoiding the question really hasn’ t been good for you either . I think it’ s a healthy step to try and address it with him, and make the relationship better for both of you.', 'base_result': "Okay, it sounds like you're feeling nervous about asking your partner about couples therapy, and you're not quite sure why. That's understandable.  It takes a lot of courage to bring up something this significant. Can you tell me a little more about what's making you nervous? What thoughts or feelings are coming up for you right now?  Is there a specific concern you have about his reaction, or is it more of a general anxiety?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I’m wondering if it’ s because this is a real, like, “Will we be doing this together or not?” This is, like, you really finding out what the shape of this relationship is. Because I get the feeling that your relationship has never been very clear on that.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I think it’ s normal to be nervous. You’re meeting a new person. You haven’ t done this mode of therapy before. It’ s a scary thing to go and do because the decision of whether or not you want to stay in a relationship is a big one. You know that part of the reason you’re going to therapy is to try and answer that question for yourself. Really confronting that can be anxiety producing. Avoiding the question really hasn’ t been good for you either . I think it’ s a healthy step to try and address it with him, and make the relationship better for both of you." patient: "I guess it will be like a mutual thing. Me and him will both have to assess after the fact whether or not we clicked with the therapist, or if we have to...yeah. She had given me six, and since you had given me two therapists, and both of them had been busy , I ended up calling up the four out of the six in New Haven. One was full and the other three got back to me. So this is one of the three, but then there are like those other two." mental health assistant: "Might still be contenders if this one doesn’ t feel like a good match." patient: "Two of them called me back the day that I called them, but it was while I was busy doing other things. The third one, the one I ended up going with called me when I was free. I hadn’ t gotten around to calling the other ones back . I’m like, is this really a good way to but it’ s not like I want to compare people" ', 'therapist_result': 'You don’ t get that much information talking with someone on the phone. Sometimes you can get a little bit of a vibe, but you really have to sit with someone and see if it’ s a good match. Sometimes you get lucky , and the first person that you sit with feels like a good match. And if not, it’ s okay to shop around.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling a bit conflicted about how you chose this therapist.  It sounds like you had several options, and the way you found this one feels a little...unsure? Can you tell me more about what makes you question your choice? What specifically about the process of selecting this therapist makes you feel uneasy?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Again, you’re going to have to trust your gut on how this feels. One of the things you’ve had difficulty with is that you tend to over look how you’re feeling and letting yourself be taken advantage of, so if you don’ t trust your gut and your instincts, you’re going to continue that. If you start going and you say , “Hey listen, I don’ t think this is a great fit. I’m not sure this is helping us. I want you to see'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "What does he do when he panics, to help it go away? Or help it get under control." patient: "I don’ t think he does a good job of getting it under control either , to tell you the truth. Usually , because for me, it’ s out of nowhere. For him, it’ s because he has to do something. He really doesn’ t like deadlines, and there are lots of things that have deadlines on them, you know? You have to be at the review by X time. We have to make the seder for Passover , etcetera. So for him, it’ s like either he eventually calms down and does the thing, telling him it’ s going to be okay , or he misses the event and isn’ t panicking anymore because he doesn’ t have to do it." mental health assistant: "Right, because he successfully avoided it." patient: "Yeah, so he’ s also not the greatest at getting rid of panic, either . I guess he’ s sort of really confused by that, that my panic doesn’ t usually have a visible trigger ." ', 'therapist_result': 'But the panic feels the same, whether there’ s an identifiable trigger , or whether it feels like it’ s just out of the blue. And a lot of times, panic attacks are very much out of the blue, you know? Some people experience them in the middle of the night, when it’ s unlikely there’ s going to be an identifiable trigger . But people wake up feeling that panic. So if a mental distraction is not enough, combining some of the physical techniques that we’ve talked about. To actually work on the physical symptoms of panic. So things that help you to slow down your breathing, or sometimes warmth can be very soothing. As your mind is going in those breathing. Singing can help you to do that, right, without even thinking about it. Because sometimes you’re focusing on your breath. I know we’ve done that in here and sometimes that makes you feel more anxious because you become very aware of the bodily signs. But singing makes you control your breath. And so singing a song as you do something might help.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so it sounds like you\'re noticing a difference in how you and your partner handle panic attacks.  He seems to experience panic primarily in response to deadlines and impending events, while yours often seem to come "out of nowhere."  That must be frustrating, both to experience yourself and to witness in him, especially since you’re both struggling to manage it.\n\nCan you tell me more about what it feels like when *you* are experiencing a panic attack that seems to have no clear trigger?  What are some of the physical and emotional sensations you notice?  And what thoughts, if any, go through your mind during those times?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Well, I don’ t want to say I know , because I don’ t. But I’d guess that the same thing holds true, to just one of those things that you don’ t see that are ticking some clock for him to get some stuf f done. And because he always, pretty successfully , I think, pushes that stuf f of f onto tomorrow . And some of that is healthy , you know , you don’ t need to be worrying about everything today . But he doesn’ t have a mechanism to say , okay , this thing is just going to take one day to do.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Okay . Can you go into a room by yourself? Or go take a shower and sing?" patient: "I guess I could go to the bathroom or something. If the shower were on, you wouldn’ t be able to hear me singing. If it isn’ t on, we don’ t have a bathroom fan or anything to hide the noise. It’ s a very small apartment." mental health assistant: "In an extreme circumstance, like if you’re feeling really panicked, it might be worth it to go hop in the shower and sing, and see if that is enough to distract you." patient: "I guess I always for get that there are physical things to do." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah, and they’re big. Because that popping back up is often because your body is still sort of ramped up. Doing some of the breath work, or seeking out some sort of physical sensation that’ s different. Whether that be warmth, or seeking out a fabric or a texture, or a soft yarn, because it can be soothing. And then can help to calm your body down. So you might want to give those a try if it pops up this week.', 'base_result': "Okay, that's a good realization.  You mentioned forgetting that there are physical things you can do to help manage difficult feelings.  Can you tell me more about what you mean by that?  What kinds of things usually come to mind when you think about coping strategies, and why do you think you sometimes forget about those physical options?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah, okay I’m not going to say , like “bionic breathing.” There are a lot of things that are in the cognitive behavioral category where you’re sort of teaching yourself to say things like, “this is not life or death,” which is what your brain is thinking sometimes. You know , like, if you’ve ever seen the movie “Help,” with the singer, played by Whitney Houston? When she says, “This is not a trauma,” or something like that, about the movie star’s arriving at the airport. So, that’s a little bit like what your brain is saying, of “This is a trauma!”'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah. So. Is James going to be critical of you for having a nanny job rather than you\'re never going to have a job ever?" patient: "Yes. Exactly . : [00:37:39 00:37:42]" mental health assistant: "It\'s what I kind of experience his saying." patient: "Uh huh [yes]. : [00:37:46 00:38:25]" ', 'therapist_result': "Yeah, I guess that sort of highlights the intensity with which you were on yourself about not working or being able to work, or being depressed, in other words, the kind of awfulness at yourself but then there's also like  you're being critical of yourself for it not being able to do things. .", 'base_result': "Okay, so you feel James will be critical of you for taking a nanny job, rather than not having a job at all.  That sounds really difficult.  Can you tell me more about why you think he'll feel that way?  What specifically makes you believe he’ll react critically?\n", 'finetuned_result': "I guess one thing that's kind of interesting that I'm realizing is that this doesn't seem to be, I mean obviously [you're worried about it], you're [asking] about it, but it doesn't seem to be your primary worry right now . Like, I guess my impression was that this would be your main thing, but it seems more like a piece of it, you know?"},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Okay ." patient: "I mean, like yeah, I was very critical of myself but I don\'t see the connection." mental health assistant: "Yeah, okay . : [00:39:15 00:39:21]" patient: "I guess what I\'m saying is - : [00:39:25 00:39:32]" ', 'therapist_result': "And that seems to be a pretty important factor , is like your judgment is really intense, is really critical of how you're doing, and I guess I hear like you're worried now because it sounds like a new iteration of that and worried to see the same  and maybe a little milder .", 'base_result': "Okay, you said you were very critical of yourself, but you're not seeing the connection to what's bothering you now.  Can you tell me more about what you *were* critical of yourself about, and what's happening now that feels connected (or perhaps disconnected) to that self-criticism?  What's been on your mind since that self-criticism?  It sounds like you're trying to piece things together – what's that process been like for you so far?\n", 'finetuned_result': "I guess in other words you feel like - I don't know how to put this but I'm trying to be like I know this is not the right way of saying it - but you feel like it's not about what I'm saying to you, that you don't understand about this whole self critical thing."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah, I guess an analogy , you know sort of like going back to the clothes. It\'s like when I first started feeling good about the way I dressed. Well, I still sort of felt like I was ugly but I never worried about it when I felt I looked nice. I could like set it aside for a second." patient: "I didn\'t really feel I was smart enough to be married to James or smart enough for James to continue to be interested in what I had to say , but you know , I was a PhD student." mental health assistant: "Yeah. I haven\'t not had to think about it all the time." patient: "I see. : [00:44:1 1 00:44:35]" ', 'therapist_result': "Yeah, well, so okay . So let's I mean I guess that's one way to express that but I don't think it's exactly right in that both the clothes and the  are I don't know , but it seems to me both things are like what you wanted in some ways but things that were important that they were actually for you, that they were things you liked.", 'base_result': "Okay, so you were a PhD student, which is a significant accomplishment, and yet you felt you weren't smart enough for James, or for him to remain interested in you.  That sounds incredibly frustrating and conflicting. Can you tell me more about what specifically made you feel that way? What were some of the thoughts or situations that led you to that conclusion?\n", 'finetuned_result': "Okay . So I was thinking about what you were saying about you know , the way you dress. I think what it points to is there are a lot of areas in your life. You know , where you want to feel like, you know , I feel like I'm living up to my potential, like I'm doing things that I enjoy , I'm doing things well. You know , I feel like I'm being myself."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So, does that make sense?" patient: "It does. So I don\'t think this is the case, but . Anyway , so do we like owe you for the allowed amount from that time? From when you were a provider for the extra money there?" mental health assistant: "No. No. The recording covered it." patient: "Okay ." ', 'therapist_result': 'So like back in the day I was on Blue Cross like last year . Yeah, they would reimburse me whatever it was, like 70 bucks 74 bucks. And if we were recording I would have char ged you a co-pay , which would have been, you know , 16 bucks or whatever the dif ference was between what they were paying me in the allowed amount.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you understand that the recording covers the cost from that previous time.  That’s good to clarify.  It sounds like you’re feeling a little unsure about the financial aspect even after that clarification. Can you tell me a little more about what’s making you feel unsure?  What specifically about the financial situation is on your mind right now?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . So, you\'re kind of . What you\'re saying to me is kind of, you\'re just in a position to be feeling, "I\'m on the hook, and I\'m not sure what I\'m on the hook for . I mean, it feels like in some way it doesn\'t make sense. But I\'m on the hook for something. And there\'s not a lot that I can do about it."'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I mean, what the fuck.  It\'s completely ridiculous. You can\'t say you\'re going to pay 80% and then pay 60%. Like you can\'t do that, but they do. And it doesn\'t do any good to be angry at them because it\'s a giant corporation that I can\'t do anything about. I have to call them constantly just to get them to process my claims which they\'re fucking supposed to do anyway . Like, that\'s their job. Their one job is and . So I have to call them next week and say because they haven\'t processed the last month\'s claims and they also left out a bunch of the claims from the batch that they did process and I don\'t know where those went. I can\'t control that at all and - : [00:20:03 00:20:33]" patient: "I think - : [00:20:35 00:20:42]" mental health assistant: "I imagine sort of, kind of scary fears to be on a little tear like that." patient: "Yeah. It\'s not as scary as I might expect. But yeah." ', 'therapist_result': "I think that's one of, I think it makes you feel like you have no room to maneuver and I'm not saying you have much room to maneuver in all of this but is I think you're really afraid of like how frustrated with it you are over expressing that and instead of let's say no to me, that I think you're so scared that I'm not going to react well to that that it makes you very anxious to feel that way , to feel so frustrated and angry and in some ways I think, critical.", 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'ve expressed a lot of frustration and anger about the insurance company not fulfilling their obligations. You feel powerless against a large corporation, and that\'s completely understandable.  It sounds incredibly stressful to have to constantly chase them for payments that are rightfully yours.  \n\nCan you tell me more about what you\'re feeling right now, beyond the "not as scary as I might expect"?  What specific emotions are you experiencing alongside that? Are you feeling frustrated, helpless, angry, maybe even a bit resigned?\n\nAnd what are your thoughts about this situation?  It sounds like you\'re aware that getting angry at the corporation won\'t solve the problem, but what are some other ways you might be thinking about dealing with this?  What\'s your plan for when you call them next week? Are there any steps you can take to feel more in control of the situation, even if you can’t directly control the insurance company’s actions?\n', 'finetuned_result': "Well, it sounds like a little bit to say , but it's the same with the insurance company , I mean, that you feel kind of like, okay , it's not just that it's kind of intruding on your time or something. It's just frustrating that they're not doing the thing that you are doing your job and they should be doing theirs. You know , that's kind of a similar thread in both of those, it seems to me."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Papa used to tell me you can\'t have champagne tastes on a beer budget. Have you heard that phrase?" patient: "Laughs." mental health assistant: "I\'m not sure you have champagne tastes." patient: "does more than I do. She kind of I think we dealt with my dad dif ferently . I kind of well it\'s not really appropriate for me to want anything so I\'m just not going to want them. And she went more with thinking and planning and saving and saying, \'this is what I want.\' And she asked for a Northface jacket for Christmas when she was like 15 and, you know , it was like a $300 jacket and it was the jacket that year . And she kept telling my dad like she would wear it every day , she would wear it forever , like it would last forever , like it would be great. And she got it. And like she wore that for 12 years, like that was her jacket for the next 12 years. She wore it until we went we were on a Canada trip and it rained like, it just rained constantly during that trip and she realized like the jacket was not waterproof anymore and  jacket was not waterproof anymore and Papa\'s main jacket also was not waterproof anymore so we were all basically just like wet for a week straight. I tend to go with asking for things that are going to cause father to blow up by their being dif ferent. But then not really liking them very much. : [00:33:33 00:33:44]" ', 'therapist_result': "Oh. I guess I'm a little concerned with your proving that that's true. I think you're of f a little bit. I mean I think I understand that she wanted like an expensive jacket but I wouldn't call that champagne. It was a popular jacket. I understand if a kid wants that stuf f, you're growing up, but she wore it for 12 years. That's not champagne.", 'base_result': "Okay, so you've shared a really interesting story about your sister and your different approaches to asking for things.  It sounds like your sister had a very clear plan and was persistent in getting what she wanted, even making a strong case for why the item was worthwhile.  You, on the other hand, describe a pattern of asking for things that might upset your father, and then not being entirely satisfied with the result.\n\nThat sounds frustrating. Can you tell me more about what it feels like to go through that process? What are some of the emotions you experience when you're considering asking for something?  And what comes to mind when you think about why you choose to ask for things that you know might cause conflict?\n", 'finetuned_result': "Yeah, like the motorcycle. The way you describe it, you're right. : [00:33:54 00:33:58] I mean I wonder too if in your mind you kind of you were you can't  your father , he can't be in this. He can't have a grown up son."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I\'m not sure you have champagne tastes." patient: "does more than I do. She kind of I think we dealt with my dad dif ferently . I kind of well it\'s not really appropriate for me to want anything so I\'m just not going to want them. And she went more with thinking and planning and saving and saying, \'this is what I want.\' And she asked for a Northface jacket for Christmas when she was like 15 and, you know , it was like a $300 jacket and it was the jacket that year . And she kept telling my dad like she would wear it every day , she would wear it forever , like it would last forever , like it would be great. And she got it. And like she wore that for 12 years, like that was her jacket for the next 12 years. She wore it until we went we were on a Canada trip and it rained like, it just rained constantly during that trip and she realized like the jacket was not waterproof anymore and  jacket was not waterproof anymore and Papa\'s main jacket also was not waterproof anymore so we were all basically just like wet for a week straight. I tend to go with asking for things that are going to cause father to blow up by their being dif ferent. But then not really liking them very much. : [00:33:33 00:33:44]" mental health assistant: "Oh. I guess I\'m a little concerned with your proving that that\'s true. I think you\'re of f a little bit. I mean I think I understand that she wanted like an expensive jacket but I wouldn\'t call that champagne. It was a popular jacket. I understand if a kid wants that stuf f, you\'re growing up, but she wore it for 12 years. That\'s not champagne." patient: "Oh, I know . Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': "I don't think that when you said, you know , I just want a thing that  I think most that's not wanting things at all or that you didn't feel you had a right to ask for more expensive things, as much as you think that you didn't feel like you had the right to ask for anything at all.", 'base_result': "Okay, so you're comparing your approach to asking for things with your sister's.  You feel she was more direct and successful in getting what she wanted, while you tend to ask for things in a way that might cause conflict, and then you don't even fully appreciate the things you receive.  Is that a fair summary?\n\nCan you tell me more about why you think you ask for things in a way that provokes conflict? What are you feeling when you do that? Is it anger, frustration, or something else?\n\nAnd what does it feel like when you get something you asked for, but then don't really like it?  Do you feel disappointed?  Resentful?  Something else entirely?\n\nIt sounds like your sister's experience with the North Face jacket was quite different. She clearly articulated her desire, saved up (presumably in some way), and valued the jacket for many years.  What do you think accounts for this difference in approach and outcome?  Is it something about your personalities, your relationship with your father, or something else?  Let's explore that together.\n", 'finetuned_result': "That was a cheap, cheap  it's not cheap. It's a functional piece of clothing, that's what it was. It was, you know , a practical, cheap, trendy , cheap piece of clothing that she bought when she was 15.  when she wore it for 12 years."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah, yeah." patient: "That seems like a big hurdle for me to kind of get over because I don’ t really have that weird feeling like when I would come in here and sit down and you’d just kind of look at me, it’d be up to me to kind of figure out where to go with the conversation, that used to be like a big thing here, you know what I mean?" mental health assistant: "It’s something that had some sort of like tension for you?" patient: "Yeah I think it begged the question of like what should I do talking about here/are the things that we’ve been talking about for a while, are those things worth sort of assuming us talking about? Like is it silly for me to even think that’ s something worth investigating, like my parents and stuf f. In dif ferent ways I feel like I was kind of playing it out, like when I would ask you so many times “Just tell me if you think this is worthy of my thought or time?” In so many ways I feel like that was something that was really hard for me to just do something so small to like come in here and say “I want to keep talking about it.”  You know what I mean?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Mm hm. Yeah, yeah and it seems to...one thought I have is that it has some relevance to me about what you’ve been talking about regarding your dad and your mom and the kind of complications of...not only sharing your experience with them in a unfettered or unfiltered kind of way but also having them yourself in some way , you know , and because what I’m thinking about is how much, how important it was the whole, one of the issues is even getting that it’ s like between you and your mom, you and your dad, getting into what your experience was both with them and within yourself meant a whole lot. It was almost like I thought you were getting that last time really , really well was this kind of sense of a lot of reasons why you didn’ t go there, you didn’ t go there because of being very kind of aware of what impact, what ef fect it would have on others. I was thinking there’ s a certain amount that maybe your sort of saying in ways that you bring that with you, you did bring that with you here and in some ways it’ s eased or something.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so it sounds like you\'re feeling a significant hurdle in continuing our sessions.  You’re describing a past dynamic where you felt a lot of pressure to initiate and direct the conversation, and you weren\'t sure if the topics you wanted to discuss – like your parents and other things we\'ve talked about – were "worthy" of our time.  That must have been incredibly frustrating and draining.  Can you tell me more about what made you feel like those topics weren\'t worthy? What specifically made you question their importance?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'It sounds like it was important for you that to have the experience of being in a space where you feel like it was okay for you to ask that question, even if it was something that seemed really small to you, even if it felt like it was your problem for feeling that way , even if it felt like it was your problem for asking the question that way , that it was like okay for you to feel those things.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah.  Absolutely ." patient: "It feels kind of big I think, even just that, even saying that it’ s a thing. I don’ t even know what it is. I don’t know within the topic of my parents, their relationship, the divorce, family or something. I don’ t have anything really to say about that apart from the fact that that’ s like a component of my experience. That on some" mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "Like that’ s not something that I had before I came here. I still feel I’m not being more comfortable asserting that outside of here but..." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah and I think it’ s, what I think...I’m kind of hearing from what you’re saying is that it’ s not just the content of what you’re talking about but it’ s the actual process of trying to make sense of it that’ s important and relevant too. Your ability to come in and to say “This is where I want to start. I want to start by saying I want to think about what we talked about last time,” and having some latitude within yourself to do that, just the process of that and then it is significant in and of itself as well as getting into the feelings that are there. [00:1 1:13]', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that even acknowledging this issue – whatever it is related to your parents, their relationship, the divorce, and your family – feels significant and overwhelming.  It's a big thing, even just to name it.  And you're not entirely sure what *it* is yet.  Can you tell me more about what makes it feel so big and overwhelming?  What aspects of it are you finding most difficult to process right now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Good. Yeah.  Feel like it’s just something to do with them. I mean, that’ s just a way you could refer to some of that stuf f. I think I heard it in another way too. A way in which you were saying you were saying there was something about that I was like, “Yeah absolutely . That’ s the way it is.” And the way you said it was, “I know I’m not making this stuf f up.”  As if some of that could still be up for grabs in terms of...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "I don’ t really know what to say about it, I just feel...I like to feel in control of certain things, you know what I mean? I like things that let me feel like I have some ability to pull shit back. I can jump on a grenade if I have to just to kind of keep things...cool." mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "I feel like that stuf f gets... that’ s what sort of in jeopardy or something." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think actually the grenade is a metaphor , it’s something explosive and the way in which your ... this certain kind of experience that your articulating and getting into or kind of putting words to I think...I was thinking, it seemed to me like act in terms of “Where’ s he going to land, whose he going to...whose going to hit,” not to be insensitive to the events of the last week but I was thinking “Where’ s the shrapnel going to go?” you know?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling like some important things in your life are in jeopardy, and that\'s causing you a lot of anxiety.  You mentioned wanting to feel in control and having the ability to "pull shit back," even to the point of being willing to make significant sacrifices.  Can you tell me more about what specifically feels like it\'s in jeopardy? What areas of your life are making you feel this way?  It sounds like losing control is a really big fear for you.  Is that accurate?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I mean I guess my...I guess what occurs to me is that  I don’ t know if it’ s necessarily in jeopardy as you say , but it’s certainly something that gets...you know ...maybe gets called into question. Maybe gets kind of...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "And it’ s a struggle for me to try to bridge that between here and like outside here. I think that’ s what I’m referring to with that metaphor , like do I have to? Should I assume that I’m still in this dynamic with my parents like when I was in grade school and I have to bring my report card home and show it to them? Or can I actually have something like this that could just be not like subject to that? Can I just have my own space here? You know?" mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "A little bit of my life that I don’ t...because I feel like that’ s ultimately what’ s in question here. I feel like all this at some point, if it doesn’ t get wrapped back into that is in question or something." ', 'therapist_result': 'Well I think just again another really , really important metaphor , the knife to the stomach, it seems to me it’ s a...I was thinking about you wanting to feel pain, your pain, to understand your pain and yet when you think about it it can feel like an act of... almost like a violent act of intrusion or invasion but you want is for him to feel some pain.', 'base_result': 'Okay, I hear you saying you\'re struggling to separate your life now from the dynamic you had with your parents when you were younger.  It sounds like you\'re wondering if you need to continue reporting, or seeking their approval, even though you\'re older and presumably more independent now.  Is that a fair understanding of what you\'re experiencing?\n\nAnd you feel like the question of whether you can have this separate space, this independent life, is really at the heart of your struggles right now.  You\'re worried that all of this – whatever "this" represents for you – might ultimately get pulled back into that old dynamic, right?  Can you tell me a bit more about what feels like it\'s at stake if you *can\'t* maintain this separate space?  What would be the consequences?  And what would it feel like to *actually* have that separate space, free from the expectations you felt before?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . And...and that it seems to me what you...what you suggest is that that...that you’re in some way is...is implicated with the work that you and I do...I mean, you’re thinking of that kind of relationship between me and you. And I’m...I’m saying that because it seems to me that...that it is in this way that...that you sort of...you know . You feel like in a way what you’re...what you’re struggling to do in here is what I was talking about before to put together into a life.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "A little bit of my life that I don’ t...because I feel like that’ s ultimately what’ s in question here. I feel like all this at some point, if it doesn’ t get wrapped back into that is in question or something." mental health assistant: "Well I think just again another really , really important metaphor , the knife to the stomach, it seems to me it’ s a...I was thinking about you wanting to feel pain, your pain, to understand your pain and yet when you think about it it can feel like an act of... almost like a violent act of intrusion or invasion but you want is for him to feel some pain." patient: "I don’ t know , right? I think two sessions ago, I mean I think a couple weeks ago I would probably , I think one of the things I was saying suggested that. I think I was saying “It makes me angry that he doesn’ t seem to feel any pain,” any remorse, any...he in no way seems to operate on a premise that he’ s done something. Do you know what I mean? But then I think two weeks ago when I like really recalled the moment of him crying, when he told me about my parents splitting up, it was very evident to me right then that I did not want to bring that back up.  Just thinking about it I wanted to for get it, I don’ t want any more of that. That was kind of shocking to me. I feel like that would be something I harp on and like... It goes on like the fantasies that I think sometimes I even spoken about in here, me just like letting it all out and just like destroying my dad, even just verbally sharing some of this stuf f with him. Sometimes I imagine that would be cathartic and there would be this new like existence for me or something on the other end of it. That would be revolution or something. In doing that I would overthrow this weight on my shoulder because I’ve never done that or something but I don’ t know that that’ s what I want.  I don’ t know what would be fixed." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah, yeah. I think there’ s also something more to be said about that experience you had, recollecting your father being in pain during that conversation, your fathers tears and sadness, what that meant to you. You’ve put it before as something that you find “I don’ t like to think about,” because it sounds like there’ s a lot in that.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling conflicted about confronting your father about the past, and specifically about the pain he caused you. You mentioned feeling angry that he doesn\'t seem to show remorse, yet when you remember him crying about your parents\' separation, you felt a strong desire to avoid revisiting that painful memory.  That\'s quite a complex set of emotions.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically makes you hesitate to confront him?  Is it fear of his reaction?  Fear of the outcome, regardless of his response? Or something else entirely?\n\nAnd when you say you imagined "destroying" him verbally, what does that feel like to you?  What kind of release or resolution are you hoping to achieve through that?  And what are you most afraid might happen if you did confront him?  We can explore these feelings and fantasies together, without any pressure to act on them. It\'s okay to feel conflicted; this is a significant decision with potential consequences.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah I think there’ s one piece of that that’ s... I was thinking about it that I think could be helpful for you. There’ s another piece that I’m not quite sure about. What I mean is the...maybe the...what I mean is maybe the...you crying to your father and him seeing the pain that he’ s caused you and he’ s not been aware of, I think that’ s something that could be very important for you to see, very important for you to experience and know about.  That you don’ t need to go into it to...I was thinking about maybe that’ s something that could be very healing for you is to know that you...the grief you have over that and to know that he’ s a part of it. I think that could be a very important piece of healing. What I’m not sure about is the overthrowing of the pain or getting rid of it or...because I don’ t know if that’ s really what you want either .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Huh." patient: "Making sense of it, there’ s no..." mental health assistant: "When did you start wondering? When did you start having that feeling like it’ s not making sense?" patient: "I tried to make sense of this and as soon as I tried to suggest like “Oh well, maybe that’ s not what I want,” you know?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Just a thought I have about that is that first of all I understand the confusion because it seems to me like it was a time when you, the insight your referring to was like this feeling of “Y eah my...” you associated first of all your dad experience and pain with the way your mom...that your dad might experience the pain the this pain would lead to kind of like a...if your dad were to experience it it would be associated in the same way you saw your mom, the effects the pain had on your mom’ s life. Then it seems to me like pain is a very dubious thing to want anybody to have, anybody to experience.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you were trying to make sense of things, and as soon as you suggested a different possibility, a different path, you felt…what?  Can you tell me more about that feeling? What happened when you suggested that maybe that wasn't what you wanted?  What was the experience like?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'You immediately jump to the defense that “Oh no, that’ s not what I meant. I don’ t want to sound like I’m not...to sound critical but...”  So, the metaphor and the dream seem to be getting at the...to me...that there’ s a little bit of a...you know? A little bit of a problem with thinking that, “Oh, I don’ t want to sound critical but...”  What do you think I’d have...<start_of_image> clenching on to the idea of...like that’ s a bad thing.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "When did you start wondering? When did you start having that feeling like it’ s not making sense?" patient: "I tried to make sense of this and as soon as I tried to suggest like “Oh well, maybe that’ s not what I want,” you know?" mental health assistant: "Just a thought I have about that is that first of all I understand the confusion because it seems to me like it was a time when you, the insight your referring to was like this feeling of “Y eah my...” you associated first of all your dad experience and pain with the way your mom...that your dad might experience the pain the this pain would lead to kind of like a...if your dad were to experience it it would be associated in the same way you saw your mom, the effects the pain had on your mom’ s life. Then it seems to me like pain is a very dubious thing to want anybody to have, anybody to experience." patient: "Mm hm." ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s like your sort of saying on some register in your mind your feeling the pain, the emotional pain of the divorce for your mom led to a lot of things including bodily....even in her body it was expressed, there’ s this kind of way it’ s felt that way to you, like she’ s in pain in her joints, in her ankles, hands, right?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you were trying to make sense of things, and as soon as you suggested maybe you didn\'t want that particular outcome, something shifted. Can you tell me more about what that "something" was? What exactly made you feel like it wasn\'t what you wanted anymore?  What changed in your thinking or your feeling about it?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'And then when you think about it that way and your looking at it through that lens, of course it’ s a tremendously difficult thing to admit that you would even want to do that, that you would even want to...it seems like an extremely sort of wicked thing to me, to not want someone to have to suffer . To have that other person suffer to be the way that you feel comforted and feel better . And I think that you feel, you experience that inside as a very wicked thing and very bad thing.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s like your sort of saying on some register in your mind your feeling the pain, the emotional pain of the divorce for your mom led to a lot of things including bodily....even in her body it was expressed, there’ s this kind of way it’ s felt that way to you, like she’ s in pain in her joints, in her ankles, hands, right?" patient: "Mm hm." mental health assistant: "But also like not dating, not resuming a life worth resuming, I don’ t know , having a life that wasn’ t mired in that pain, wasn’ t defined by it." patient: "Mm hm." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah but the grenade again, the analogy of the grenade, the metaphor of the grenade is like if you get into your own kind of experience, maybe it’ s pain but whatever it is if they experience the pain, if your dad does, what’ s it going to do to him? Is he going to be a wounded veteran, you know?  A disabled veteran? Like a dog in this...the way I was thinking about your mom almost like disabled from it.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you've acknowledged that you feel your mother's pain from her divorce – a pain that manifested not just emotionally, but physically as well, in her joints and body.  And you've also indicated that this pain has impacted your own life, making it difficult to move forward, to date, and to build a life that feels separate from that experience.  \n\nThat's a lot to carry.  It sounds incredibly heavy.\n\nCan you tell me more about what that feels like for you? What specific aspects of your mother's pain, both emotional and physical, resonate most strongly with you?  And what are some examples of how it's impacted your own life choices, your relationships, or your overall well-being?  There's no right or wrong answer here – just exploring what you're experiencing.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'And a way of thinking about it would be the divorce is going to be difficult no matter what. And one way to look at your mom’ s approach was to kind of just be in it, like this is what it’ s going to be, this is the reality . I mean in one way I think she was in the reality of what was happening.'},