{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Good, thank you!" patient: "Are you feeling well?  When are you due, in June?" mental health assistant: "The end of the third week, so I’ll be here through the end of the third week." patient: "Okay , great! And then, out July , right?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. And I plan to... Yeah, I plan to probably come back either , probably the first week in August. Last week in July , but probably the first week in August, but I’ll definitely be in touch, say , mid- July , just to give you a sense of like...', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're focusing on my upcoming leave.  That's understandable;  it's natural to want to know what to expect.  It seems important to you to have a clear timeline. Can you tell me a little more about why having that clear timeline is so important to you right now?  What are your thoughts and feelings about me leaving at the end of the third week of June?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yes. I mean, I might pop in if I’m around. But, no, my last day will be Friday , June 22. And then, Kelly will be taking over . She’s the one who we’ve chosen, I mean, I didn’t choose her , but you know .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I see. And that’ s this week." patient: "That’ s why it’ s hard for me to like, leave also in the middle of the day ." mental health assistant: "I see." patient: "So if we sneak it to the..." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah, so for , we’ll start... Yeah, I mean, in general, you know , I understand that things come up in general or whatever ,  good time for you. Like I, you know , the best you can do to get here affirms) if you can, you can, obviously , but definitely , okay .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying it's difficult to leave in the middle of the day because of... something you're trying to keep hidden or secret?  Can you tell me a little more about what's making it so hard to leave, even if you wanted to?  What specifically makes leaving mid-day feel so challenging right now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . Now if the more immediate problem here is that you want to be able to leave your job in the middle of the day , right? And in fact, in a way , you’re asking me what I’m saying is like, if we can be in a way more efficient with your use of our time, that in itself, it seems like, would help you to be able to leave. I’m not sure I understand that a little bit. In other words, if it’ s more efficient, then it’ s less of a disruption. Disruptive to...?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Thoughtful." patient: "Yes, thoughtful. So I mean,  yeah." mental health assistant: "I changed that from grateful to thoughtful because it seems to me the way you’re describing it is that part of it is she doesn’ t take the moment to think what it would be like from another perspective." patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'And I wonder if she did do that, would she feel grateful for the sacrifice, or the time spent, if she had taken that time to notice it? You can’ t be grateful for something you don’ t know , but if she had taken the time to notice it, I wonder what she would feel. I don’ t know . She was maybe not thinking about it and not grateful for it.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you agree that a key part of the situation is the lack of thoughtful consideration from the other person.  Can you tell me more about what that feels like for you? What specific instances come to mind where you felt this lack of perspective?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'So that if she did, if she took the moment, then it might lead to less frustration, but she kind of flies of the handle without taking that brief intervening step. And I guess the idea is that the Intervene, I mean the more long-term project is that you might be able to do that more of the time with  things that frus trate you and then that could lead to less frustration in the long run.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "What makes it feel that way?" patient: "Because he expects a paycheck every month at a certain time, and if it’ s not, I have to ask for an extension, or say you’re getting your money here. Like, when I found out I won this teaching prize, it was a $1,000.00 prize I recently won. I’m thinking, I can treat myself to something nice and put the rest away to save for taxes, but he was like, “Maybe you can give that money to me, because you didn’ t pay me this last April during tax month, and I gave you $700.00.” I’m just like—" mental health assistant: "That feels very—" patient: "Yeah, it feels like, wait. If I give you this money , the $700.00, the rest of the prize money , minus what I spend on – I was going to spend $200.00 on some bridal headpiece, which I didn’ t do – but I was like, then next year, are you going to get grumpy when you have to pay me $800.00 for taxes? Then we’re supposed to do the bank account thing, but somehow , I’m never up when he is up in the morning, and he normally wants to go and work out." ', 'therapist_result': 'Have you had the pre  discussion about money and how you guys will utilize it in your marriage, and what you see as kind of what your method will be of how you guys mer ge funds, what you mer ge, what you don’ t mer ge, that kind of thing?”', 'base_result': "That sounds incredibly frustrating and unfair.  It seems like you're experiencing a lot of pressure and conflicting expectations around finances, particularly concerning how your earnings and winnings are managed.  Can you tell me more about what it feels like to have these financial decisions dictated to you, especially when it comes to money you've earned through your own achievements, like the teaching prize?  What are some of the specific emotions that come up for you in these situations?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah, and that sounds a little, I’m a little torn with you there. On the one hand, I understand that it’s a big deal for him to be, an employee, master of his own time and schedule, and to be lorded over by somebody else like that. At the same time, it sounds like in practice, he doesn’ t really manage his schedule, or it doesn’ t go so well that way , that he does have things that are really painful and hard to swallow , and you’re not really in a position to be like, “Well, then you should’ve scheduled it better , you know? You’ve been doing it wrong then, right? You should be up when I’m up and have more regular conversation and be there when I need you. Because it’ s an employer -employee model then, you know?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And he’ s doing that because you’ve had some of the conversation, or magical intuition?" patient: "I think it’ s by magical intuition, by accepting.  So that’ s something that I need to – and maybe it’ s fine that I common on, “That’ s nice.” during the act." mental health assistant: "That’ s not magic. That’ s communication." patient: "Yeah, okay ." ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s reinforcing. It’ s something happening that you’re liking, being expressive about that, that’ s giving him reinforcement in the moment. That counts. That is a type of communication, and the more straightforward conversation is one way of communicating, but those little messages that you give, either expressing enjoyment by saying, “That feels good.” or by your non-verbal responses, the less direct communication leaves some room for interpretation, and you’re making the assumption he’ s going to pick up on it, which is possible.  It’s not guaranteed, but it’ s possible. It is intuition which is partly magic but partly – it exists. Some people are more intuitive than others.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying you feel like there\'s a kind of unspoken understanding, an intuition, between you and him?  It\'s like you just *know* what he\'s doing or thinking, even without him explicitly saying it?  And you\'re wondering if it\'s okay to simply acknowledge that connection with a comment like, "That\'s nice"?\n\nCan you tell me more about what that feels like? What makes you think it\'s "magical intuition" rather than something else? What specifically leads you to believe this connection exists? And what is it about simply saying "That\'s nice" that feels significant or maybe even hesitant in this context?  What are you hoping to achieve by saying it, or what are you worried might happen if you don\'t?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'But I think I’m trying to – maybe this is what’ s going on. I’m saying, “I’m not going to – it doesn’ t matter if it’ s magic or not. It’ s part of therapy . It’ s what happens.” We’re not going to do the same thing with every single emotion. The idea is that you could have the same way of looking at things, and have the same feelings about things, and we could interpret it the same way , and it’ll never get easier if we do that. So we need to – it’ s important for you to have your emotions, and to be aware of them, and why you have them. But I think the next step is, like today when you said, “What do I do with this?”'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You have so many roles there." patient: "Yeah." mental health assistant: "Being a mommy to your cats." patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'And working on your paper , and also you’ve had some negative associations with how sex has gone there, and that it hasn’ t felt as nurturing as you’d like, and it hasn’ t had as much foreplay as you’d like, so you have these associations of how things are going to be in that setting, and they’re not how you would like them to be.  So being in a place where you won’ t feel the responsibility of the dishes you have to do, or the cats nipping at your feet.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'ve acknowledged that you\'re a "mommy" to your cats. That\'s a lot of responsibility, isn\'t it?  Can you tell me a little more about what that responsibility entails for you? What are some of the things you do for them that make you feel like a mom?  And, beyond the practical aspects of caring for them, what feelings do you associate with that role?\n', 'finetuned_result': '[00:17:04.15] But also, most of the time, I think you\'re pretty good at identifying it and really good at identifying when you are and aren\'t doing well. Like today , you called to cancel. You could have just not called and then I would have had no idea. But instead you called. I think mostly you\'re pretty good at identifying when you\'ve been doing the things that make you feel worse and really pretty good at identifying when you\'re not and really mostly pretty good at identifying when you\'re doing the things that make you feel better . Now , sometimes it doesn\'t mean you stop doing the things that make you feel worse, that\'s dif ferent. [00:17:59.17]  I mean in that sense, today , you wanted to call even though you didn\'t want to call because you know that\'s the best thing. But I think as far as identifying, I think you\'re really good at that, in terms of knowing when you\'re doing well and when you\'re not. I think you are pretty well in touch with your affective states. It\'s really the doing that we have a little bit more trouble with. But I think you\'re identifying in the moment. I think you\'re really good at identifying when you\'re doing well, when you\'re not doing well, when you\'ve been up late, when you\'ve been going to bed early , when you haven\'t been writing, when you have been writing. [00:18:36.18]  So the one thing that we really haven\'t touched upon in a while is writing. We have talked about a couple of other things in a little bit more detail, like the cats and also just some of the stress at work and at school. But we haven\'t really talked much about writing in a while.  Yeah, I think you identify pretty well. Now , doing something about it, that is a different story . But so far as identifying where you\'re at, I think you\'re really quite good at it. [00:19:07.27]  So that\'s actually a very important part of the process and so that\'s I think something that you\'re very good at. I think you\'re really good at identifying where you\'re at, just in terms of the feeling level, and I think really important for us to be able to move forward from there. So, I mean, if you could not identify where you\'re at, we would just be floundering around, saying, "Hey , over here, look at this, look at this." But you\'re really good at, "Oh, yeah, I\'m over there and I\'ve been over there for a while. Okay , alright." So that\'s really good.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So there may be room for you guys to renegotiate how you approach some of those things so it feels more like a marriage and less like roommates or tenants." patient: "I think that’ s one thing our pastor had pointed out. She was like, in a sense, marriage isn’ t going to change who you are, but it does bring up the moment where you guys make plans together , and that’ s something that it’ s hard – having dreams together . For a while, Jeremy hasn’ t been dreaming because he’ s been so freaked out about money .  Finally he’ s getting paid, so he seems a lot more cheerful. I guess it’ s hard to work and not get money . I understand." mental health assistant: "But being able to be upset about that and not having it circle back to being put on you." patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'Because you’re not getting paid, that’ s not a changing arrangement you guys have, and it’ s not because of anything that you’ve done. It’ s understandable that it puts pressure on you as a couple, and it feels upsetting to him. It’ s frustrating how you guys absorb that together , rather than feel like it gets vented and directed at you.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you've noticed a shift in Jeremy since he started getting paid.  That’s good progress, and it sounds like you understand the stress of working hard without financial reward.  Can you tell me more about what it's been like for you, seeing him struggle with that financial pressure, and how it's affected your relationship?  What were some of the specific ways it felt like you were carrying the burden?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think one of the most pernicious forms of depression is one where you really get stuck in your own head with a lot of these thoughts that can be really damning and undermining and destructive and there’ s something that’ s really not there. In other words, there may be room for both you and Jeremy to grow in marriage, but the idea that you would somehow grow so much that you were no longer upset or had dif ferent expectations of marriage or had no conflicts, I think the reality of marriage is that it’ s going to bring up a lot of dif ferent emotions and some of them will be difficult. What it comes down to in terms of recovery , I think, is what happens with those emotions when you’re depressed, because as we’ve talked about, the damning thoughts are often exacerbated when the emotions are there. I think it’s one thing to recognize the thoughts and disagree with them, but if there aren’ t really any emotions there it can be easier to fall back into those ways of thinking. I think when you’re really depressed you’re not thinking objectively and rationally anyway , so some of that becomes about moving through those emotions and what does it mean, what do you do with it and when you have those conversations.  Is there something about how you guys talk about it that makes it so upsetting that you kind of want to avoid it? We can start with the emotions and go from there. What do you feel when you start thinking about those things?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Naturally if he asks, how’ s your day , if it went bad or well, I’m like, oh, it went okay . Could have been more productive, but I guess I’ll work more after dinner . But there’ s never a – I noticed with Jeremy , coming home, the other day he was making dinner , and he just got into his chair . I could see the tense – I was just like, deep breath, Jeremy . It’s okay . There’ s dinner . There’ s food.  Yeah. He’ s trying to do meditation, but I think I’m going to keep on suggesting therapy . I think everyone feels better given therapy . It’s not a bad thing. It’s a good thing, but in the meantime my dad told me – because I told him how I was frustrated with my sister . He said there’ s this thing called co-dependency where people often put other people’ s emotions as their responsibility , their hardships, their feelings. In a sense, you can’ t be so co-dependent on someone that their whole self-worth or happiness is weighted upon your feelings." patient: "That’ s too much pressure." mental health assistant: "I do that a lot with Jeremy and Tammy . It’s interesting. There’ s similarities between the two." patient: "I’ve been trained." ', 'therapist_result': 'And a lot of times in these close relationships, we do find that there are these repeated patterns, because our typical way of responding to things meshes well with a particular style, you know what I mean? It ends up getting reinforced, and I think in healthy relationships, there’ s a degree of flexibility in how you respond to things, and when you feel like you’re – you may notice you respond to Tammy in a similar way that you respond to him. These are two pretty significant relationships in your life. It makes sense that there would be some similarities in the way that they handle things, and you respond to those things, and your typical way . But looking for where there’ s some flexibility in how you respond dif ferently so you don’ t feel like you have this really narrow way of being – because that’ s when people start to feel resentful, or stuck.', 'base_result': 'Okay, "I\'ve been trained."  That\'s a very interesting statement.  Can you tell me more about what you mean by that?  What kind of training are you referring to, and how do you feel that training has impacted your current situation?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'It’s a training thing, and there’ s – that’ s a very nice thing that you have it, and it is a training issue, but there’ s also a lot more. It’ s not a training issue as if it’ s a bad thing. This is a very , very – this is a very deep part of yourself to be very , very sensitive to other people’ s emotions, to be very responsive to other people’ s emotions, and to be very responsible for other people’ s emotions.  How much of that is training, I don’ t know . How much of that is just – was innate, I don’ t know . It’ s probabl y both.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And be okay , like he might not love some of the things that you choose, and that’ s okay ." patient: "That was all of these bad boys. He liked what I put together , but I realize at a certain point, if I really want to do something, I’m going to be the one doing it. If I’m putting all the ef fort and stuf f, as long as he can tolerate it, he won’ t feel embarrassed. That was another thing for wedding invitations. I tried to just get it done, and he had approved everything except this one quote from Dr . Seuss I found about love.  He tells me last night, “Did you send that in? That quote was really cheesy .” I was like, okay , I’m sorry . I thought it was cute, nice quote by Oscar Wilde, something about love. It was a nice quote, but last time – in all fairness, when he put together an engagement picture album, he hadn’ t run the pictures by me, and I got upset because he chose some of the pictures I didn’ t like of myself. Then I apologized and said, “It’ s a nice book. I’m sorry .”" mental health assistant: "Maybe all lessons in starting to work in a unit rather than working as two independent people." patient: "Yeah. I think that is the overriding lesson that we need to take and integrate, because I think right now the way we do things, and schedule our lives, sort of how we delegate chores, it’ s not working together so much." ', 'therapist_result': 'So you don’ t want to be codependent in that you’re too dependent on one another in order to exist, but you’re also finding that when you’re too independent from one another , you end up running into issues. I think coming together as a married couple is going to be a lot about finding out where are the places you want to check in with one another and make decisions together , and where are the places that it’ s okay to have a difference of opinion or do things independently without checking. It’ s part of the process, figuring that out.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'ve realized that working independently, even with good intentions, isn\'t leading to the kind of partnership you want.  That\'s a really insightful observation.  Can you tell me more about what "not working together" looks like in practice?  What are some specific examples beyond the wedding invitations and engagement photos?  And what feels particularly frustrating or upsetting about this way of operating?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I guess one of the things I keep thinking about is, that if you could both be working at your capacities to see the world a little bit dif ferently , and to be able to manage stress, and to have confidence, I wonder how you might even think dif fer ently about this whole situation with your parents and the mortgage.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "How intense is kind of freaking out?" patient: "Well just sort of like bedreading. It’ s not so much... I mean it’ s just sort of like I see all the snacks and the nibbles that I enjoy , and that add so much color , and all the snacking I do, and I’m just sort of really sad because I know that has to stop if I want to maintain. And part of the reason why I’m gaining weight is because those nibbles are... I’ll just nibble freely without even... sort of put my hand in the homemade granola and just start eating because it’ s kind of what I do when I’m brain dead or... so I realize that to sort of... I’m using food as an outlet for not thinking or for just pure excitement, and I see that it’ s also sort of stopping because I’m thinking about the sugar or the tasty , because I’m focusing so much on the tasty and the taming the tasty or the... it’s like a food high. It’ s almost kind of like an... not an addiction but if I think about a salad with kale and sweet potatoes and chick peas, oh that’ s nice. But if I think about Cinnamon Toast Crunch I just think about more... and I mean I guess that’ s part of why maybe America is fat, is because food is so tasty and sugar..." mental health assistant: "You are not fat. [9:56]" patient: "I know . I know ." ', 'therapist_result': 'I mean it... it’ s important that you kind of recognize you may be on a higher end of what you consider acceptable for you, but your range of what you feel is acceptable is pretty limited, and pretty thin. So I think before you start really monitoring and decreasing what you’re taking in, I think it’ s also important to use your hunger cues. If you’re snacking because you’re hungry , it’s okay . Because that’ s your body telling you that you actually... you need some sustenance, you need some food, you need to eat in order to have ener gy, to be able to focus. And it doesn’ t seem that you’ve gained so much weight that it’ s really an indication that you’re overeating. You may be eating in a less controlled way but it’ s still... I can tell from looking at you that you’re certainly not overeating to the point where you’re unhealthy . So while the scale may have gone up that might still be okay . And check in with your body . Check in and see how hungry you are. Food’ s supposed to be tasty . You’re supposed to enjoy it. That’ s part of eating. That’ s one of life’ s pleasures. It doesn’ t have to be something you deny yourself. So let’ s go by your hunger cues as to what...', 'base_result': 'Okay, I understand you\'re feeling sad and frustrated about your relationship with food. You mentioned feeling like you\'re using food as a way to cope with not thinking, or to experience excitement.  That sounds really tough.  Can you tell me more about what\'s going on in your life that might be leading you to seek comfort in food?  What\'s happening when you feel "brain dead" or overwhelmed?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'The... another... that I would add on to what’ s motivated here is, I think the... at one level... I mean there’ s  you... there’ s just a pure enjoyment of food that can be very pleasurable. At the same time there’ s something very... I mean I think the... it is about not thinking.  Again I’m not saying this is bad, but that...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Wow, that’ s a long time frame. I don’ t think I gave a time frame. [16:19]" patient: "No, well I mean..." mental health assistant: "That’ s all right. That’ s good. It probably would’ve been a useful thing to do. So share with me." patient: "Okay , goals. What I’m trying to achieve, or things that I’d like to achieve the next year , five years, I’d like to write papers. Right now I’m trying to write a paper and it sucks and it’ s hard, but I hope to get enough experience that I can write papers and build up a sort of a repertoire of what I’ve been writing. I’d like to finish my PhD and find a job. I keep on talking about this and... but I think I’ll feel a lot... I’ll feel really good about Maintain my relationship with Jeremy and close friends. And this is one thing that I mentioned earlier , that I was really focused in my... on my relationship with Jeremy and courting him and bussing over to his place. And that sort of kind of slowly started to diminish in these last few years. But now I sort of feel that to start creating a life together , and that’ s something that I want to keep up no matter whatever my job is, I mean I don’ t know what it is, but I know that there’ s certain jobs that would jeopardize that, such as being a consultant. And I guess it wouldn’ t jeopardize it but it would make it more difficult to be as close. [18:00] And also, I’ve been spending time with my friends and I think... I mean that’ s such a positive thing that I want to make sure that that doesn’ t disappear as well. So having a support network is something that I... is really important to me, and then keeping up with ballet, health, and appearance. That’ s one thing that... oh, for a while I’ve been trying out yoga, and yoga was good but now I’m starting to... I realize that when I take the more difficult classes of ballet, I mean they’re more challenging. And maybe I’m not... don’ t feel as confident, but in the same sense I enjoy the dancing aspect of them. And I think that’ s something that’ s going to grow with my life, and how to maintain keeping that artistic side because I think it... I think a lot of maybe the reasons why I like to bake or cook, and maybe unnecessarily after I’ve cooked like five, six desserts, is because I have this creative ener gy. And that’ s... a lot of times I sacrifice, oh I’m tired or oh, I don’ t feel like going to racquetball. And I sort of feel that putting those aside, I just sort of feel kind of pedestrian. I like that sort of color to my life, and I think maybe that’ s sort of the color that... and sort of what are my priorities in order to accomplish those? Well I have to research in order to write papers and finish my PhD, looking for jobs and applying for jobs, as well as preparing for them. And yesterday I felt really guilty because I spent an hour looking at jobs and looking through them and I was like I should be researching. I just spent an hour doing nothing, and then I sort of realized well, that’ s sort of part of the looking for jobs aspect. [20:07] And it’ s hard because I realize that nothing’ s really going to be a perfect fit except for a post doc because post docs are a little... I mean even the finding the right post doc wouldn’ t be exact carbon copy , but I guess I just have to realize that finding a job... and in find something looking for it. I mean it’ s a difficult process for everyone. And it’ s just going to take time. Spending time with Jeremy . I didn’ t put and the cats, but I guess that’ s... I already spend a lot of time with the cats. And so I think that’ s a big priority because a lot of times I would just be happy researching in my office all night, which is kind of weird. I mean I’d probably get a little lonely if I kept on doing that but there’ s been a few... there was a night last Monday I just worked until 9 p.m. in my office, or 9:30, and I... the only reason why I went home is because I didn’ t want to get robbed on the way back. But yeah, I sort of realized that trying to make an ef fort will help me stay close to Jeremy . And I enjoy Jeremy . It’s a delight of my life. And yeah, there are times I get frustrated because I feel I have to sacrifice my job, my job possibilities for Jeremy , but then I sort of realize that it’ s something that I chose. I didn’ t have to choose to get in a relationship but it’ s been something that has really helped [inaudible] helped me come out of my anxiety , get my life more on track, get support. [22:07] And so I think it’ s sort of one of those things that you’re always sort of... you don’ t appreciate things when life is going good but then when you realize it... if it were just to disappear , life would be pretty sad and lonely . And so I realize that is a huge... that’ s a priority , and whether that means spending more times on the weekends and that’ s what I’m really trying to do, is incorporate time on the weekends where we’re together , doing chores, going for a walk. And yeah, we... I was going to say , we... this Saturday we celebrated his mom’ s 60th birthday , and it was a big birthday party but him and I, the whole day his mom was calling and sort of freaking out. And I was with him the whole day trying to calm him down and give him strategies for maintaining stress and maintaining his relationship with his mom, and I just sort of felt like throughout the whole day I was helping him cook, helping him set up, helping him set up for the party . I mean normally I do that but I think it was sort of... I don’ t know why this goes with spending time with Jeremy but I guess it is because... I mean I’m just always trying to be very supportive and in the presence and trying... even though most of the time I don’ t feel very warm and fuzzy because I’m thinking about research or thinking about obsessing about something, I’m trying to be warm and share that with him. And for other priorities, attend ballet three times a week at least and at this point I haven’ t been doing that. [24:03]" ', 'therapist_result': 'Is that possible with also making sure that you spend time with Jeremy and spend time researching jobs and doing your current research? Because those were the other things I heard you [inaudible] so I just want to make sure you’re practically... can you get to ballet three times a week?', 'base_result': "That was a lot to unpack, and I appreciate you sharing so openly.  It sounds like you have a lot on your plate, but also a lot of things you're deeply passionate about.  It’s admirable how clearly you’ve articulated your goals.\n\nLet's start by acknowledging your feelings. You mentioned feeling guilty for job searching instead of researching, and overwhelmed by the pressure of balancing your PhD, your relationship, your friendships, and your creative outlets. It’s completely understandable to feel that way; it’s a lot to juggle.  It sounds like you are already very self-aware about the competing priorities in your life. Can you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel guilty when you prioritize job searching? What is it about the guilt that is most difficult to handle?\n\nYou also mentioned feeling less confident in your ballet classes, yet still enjoying the challenge.  That's a really interesting contradiction. Can you expand on that feeling?  How does that feeling of uncertainty compare to the satisfaction you get from the artistic expression in ballet, cooking, and baking?\n\nFinally, you’ve described a wonderful relationship with Jeremy, but also a sense of sacrifice. It seems you’re committed to this relationship, but are you concerned about the potential impact on your career aspirations? What are your thoughts and feelings about this potential conflict, and are there ways you could envision navigating this tension?  What are some specific examples of how you've already successfully navigated such tensions?\n\n\nI want to make sure I'm understanding everything correctly.  Before we move on, is there anything else you'd like to add or clarify from what you've already shared?\n", 'finetuned_result': '[24:06] Okay . So the first thing that comes to mind to me as I’m hearing this, is there’ s a lot of, especially I think when we talk about your goals for the next year , five years, is a lot of research and a lot of talk about job searching and productivity and things like that. There’ s less to my mind about personal fulfillment. I mean certainly some with the relationships and also in talking about the artistic side and the emotional side to yourself. But I think there’ s more about the list of activities, which is a little bit more external. [24:57] And I wonder... I guess one thing I’m thinking is there’ s probably something about that that is true, is that you’re less... your mind is less on those things. And there’ s probably something about that that feels quite safe and then I wonder if there’ s something about that that also then fuels a little bit of the anxiety , because it is then... if there’ s less about that... I’m not sure what it would be but it would then be something that’ s unspoken, that’ s unclear , that would be quite powerful I think.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "That’ s all right. That’ s good. It probably would’ve been a useful thing to do. So share with me." patient: "Okay , goals. What I’m trying to achieve, or things that I’d like to achieve the next year , five years, I’d like to write papers. Right now I’m trying to write a paper and it sucks and it’ s hard, but I hope to get enough experience that I can write papers and build up a sort of a repertoire of what I’ve been writing. I’d like to finish my PhD and find a job. I keep on talking about this and... but I think I’ll feel a lot... I’ll feel really good about Maintain my relationship with Jeremy and close friends. And this is one thing that I mentioned earlier , that I was really focused in my... on my relationship with Jeremy and courting him and bussing over to his place. And that sort of kind of slowly started to diminish in these last few years. But now I sort of feel that to start creating a life together , and that’ s something that I want to keep up no matter whatever my job is, I mean I don’ t know what it is, but I know that there’ s certain jobs that would jeopardize that, such as being a consultant. And I guess it wouldn’ t jeopardize it but it would make it more difficult to be as close. [18:00] And also, I’ve been spending time with my friends and I think... I mean that’ s such a positive thing that I want to make sure that that doesn’ t disappear as well. So having a support network is something that I... is really important to me, and then keeping up with ballet, health, and appearance. That’ s one thing that... oh, for a while I’ve been trying out yoga, and yoga was good but now I’m starting to... I realize that when I take the more difficult classes of ballet, I mean they’re more challenging. And maybe I’m not... don’ t feel as confident, but in the same sense I enjoy the dancing aspect of them. And I think that’ s something that’ s going to grow with my life, and how to maintain keeping that artistic side because I think it... I think a lot of maybe the reasons why I like to bake or cook, and maybe unnecessarily after I’ve cooked like five, six desserts, is because I have this creative ener gy. And that’ s... a lot of times I sacrifice, oh I’m tired or oh, I don’ t feel like going to racquetball. And I sort of feel that putting those aside, I just sort of feel kind of pedestrian. I like that sort of color to my life, and I think maybe that’ s sort of the color that... and sort of what are my priorities in order to accomplish those? Well I have to research in order to write papers and finish my PhD, looking for jobs and applying for jobs, as well as preparing for them. And yesterday I felt really guilty because I spent an hour looking at jobs and looking through them and I was like I should be researching. I just spent an hour doing nothing, and then I sort of realized well, that’ s sort of part of the looking for jobs aspect. [20:07] And it’ s hard because I realize that nothing’ s really going to be a perfect fit except for a post doc because post docs are a little... I mean even the finding the right post doc wouldn’ t be exact carbon copy , but I guess I just have to realize that finding a job... and in find something looking for it. I mean it’ s a difficult process for everyone. And it’ s just going to take time. Spending time with Jeremy . I didn’ t put and the cats, but I guess that’ s... I already spend a lot of time with the cats. And so I think that’ s a big priority because a lot of times I would just be happy researching in my office all night, which is kind of weird. I mean I’d probably get a little lonely if I kept on doing that but there’ s been a few... there was a night last Monday I just worked until 9 p.m. in my office, or 9:30, and I... the only reason why I went home is because I didn’ t want to get robbed on the way back. But yeah, I sort of realized that trying to make an ef fort will help me stay close to Jeremy . And I enjoy Jeremy . It’s a delight of my life. And yeah, there are times I get frustrated because I feel I have to sacrifice my job, my job possibilities for Jeremy , but then I sort of realize that it’ s something that I chose. I didn’ t have to choose to get in a relationship but it’ s been something that has really helped [inaudible] helped me come out of my anxiety , get my life more on track, get support. [22:07] And so I think it’ s sort of one of those things that you’re always sort of... you don’ t appreciate things when life is going good but then when you realize it... if it were just to disappear , life would be pretty sad and lonely . And so I realize that is a huge... that’ s a priority , and whether that means spending more times on the weekends and that’ s what I’m really trying to do, is incorporate time on the weekends where we’re together , doing chores, going for a walk. And yeah, we... I was going to say , we... this Saturday we celebrated his mom’ s 60th birthday , and it was a big birthday party but him and I, the whole day his mom was calling and sort of freaking out. And I was with him the whole day trying to calm him down and give him strategies for maintaining stress and maintaining his relationship with his mom, and I just sort of felt like throughout the whole day I was helping him cook, helping him set up, helping him set up for the party . I mean normally I do that but I think it was sort of... I don’ t know why this goes with spending time with Jeremy but I guess it is because... I mean I’m just always trying to be very supportive and in the presence and trying... even though most of the time I don’ t feel very warm and fuzzy because I’m thinking about research or thinking about obsessing about something, I’m trying to be warm and share that with him. And for other priorities, attend ballet three times a week at least and at this point I haven’ t been doing that. [24:03]" mental health assistant: "Is that possible with also making sure that you spend time with Jeremy and spend time researching jobs and doing your current research? Because those were the other things I heard you [inaudible] so I just want to make sure you’re practically... can you get to ballet three times a week?" patient: "Yeah, I definitely can, and especially on the weekends because Jeremy doesn’ t like me to work on the weekends. So being able to go to ballet while he exercises is definitely something. And then if I can go twice... the weekends it’ s something. Get going on the weekends, going to bed early , waking up and having that time where he can go to the gym and me not just take a nap at home or do nothing, or go [inaudible]. So I guess that is sort of unplugging from the computer , and I think that’ s what I’m... I have a hard time doing. And even today , getting ready , like at 12:00 at the Cinderella clock, and I had a hard time disconnecting, whether it was my research, whether it was a search that I was doing, I have a hard time disconnecting. And I mean it might just be because I’m on my laptop all day and there’ s so much... like I’m always researching something, whether it’ s... I mean I’m... I should be doing always my research research but I mean even face products, face masks, and cross comparing them. And I sort of realize that... realizing many [ph?] I mean part of the reason why I do it’ s because it just feels so natural just being on the computer all day . [26:02] It’ s really kind of like a protective shell that I’m..." ', 'therapist_result': 'You have the screen in front of you blocking the world. So getting in the habit of shutting down your computer , whether it be for two hours to go get out and do ballet, or to really spend some time with Jeremy on the weekend, or be done a little bit earlier in the night, getting into the habit of doing that.', 'base_result': "That's a lot to unpack, and it sounds like you've put a great deal of thought into your goals and priorities.  It's admirable how clearly you've outlined what you want to achieve, both personally and professionally.  You've identified several key areas: your PhD, job search, relationship with Jeremy, friendships, and maintaining your artistic pursuits like ballet.\n\nYou mentioned feeling guilty for spending time on your job search instead of research, and that highlights a common struggle – the feeling of needing to perfectly balance everything. It sounds incredibly demanding to juggle all these important aspects of your life.  Can you tell me more about what makes it feel so difficult to find that balance?  What specifically contributes to that feeling of guilt or pressure?\n\nYou also talked about the challenges of disconnecting from your computer. It seems like it's become a comfortable, almost protective space, but it's also impacting your ability to fully engage in other parts of your life.  What are some of the benefits you experience from being on the computer, and what are some of the drawbacks you notice?  Can you reflect on how it makes you feel when you are constantly connected versus when you are able to disconnect?\n\nFinally, you mentioned your relationship with Jeremy. It sounds like it brings you a lot of joy and support, but there's also a tension around the time commitment and potential conflicts with your career goals. How do you currently manage the balance between nurturing your relationship and pursuing your professional ambitions?  Are there specific situations where you feel this tension most acutely?  What are your thoughts and feelings about that?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I’m reminded of a memo that you wrote me a while back, maybe a month or so ago, about the... your anxiety , and one of the things that I was struck by that I think is a piece of this puzzle is you saying you feel like you are protective of yourself, and that there’ s some ways you feel like you’re being courageous but there’ s also this element of being protective. And I think this is one of them. Where in one way , you know , a lot of what we’re talking about is, is it’ s really scary and hard to get out there, to go to the job market, to actually be in the market for a job and go to a job. And so that’ s where the courage is. But I think there’ s also a way that you’re being protective and kind of hiding behind that. There’ s a way you’re not really looking at what it’ s going to be like to have a job and a professional life, I think. There’ s going to be a lot of that courage that you’re talking about, and just like it’ s courage to walk out of your house and go to an interview , it’ s also going to be courage to be in the middle of it, and there’ s going to be a lot of disappointment. I mean you’re going to be disappointed, or it’ s going to be, “Is this really it? Is this what I’ve been working for?” It’ s going to be a lot of, “Wok, wok, wok,” in a way that baking a cake isn’ t. You’re turning yourself over to something else, you know what I mean? And that there’ s a way that if you’re guarding against that. In another way , you’re really present and a lot of the times in those feelings of disappointment. [28:13] So it’ s really not... there’ s not going to be that much that’ s going to be an exact fit. And so I think there’ s going to be a lot more searching, a lot more questioning, a lot more protection, I think, and guarding against. And I think it’ s going to be part of why it’ s really hard, and why it’ s not really as simple as just... there’ s a lot of times in the literature about this, even though it’ s not always true, you know , and it’ s... you don’ t know , but for a lot of people it’ s like, if they’re doing their research, they’re going to be in the same field. And they’re going to be doing it at a place like this, and it’ s going to be an exact fit for what they’ve been doing. And I think there’ s going to be a lot more ambiguity and a lot more questioning and a lot more not really knowing , and I think there’ s a part of you that’ s a little scared of that, and not really ...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You have the screen in front of you blocking the world. So getting in the habit of shutting down your computer , whether it be for two hours to go get out and do ballet, or to really spend some time with Jeremy on the weekend, or be done a little bit earlier in the night, getting into the habit of doing that." patient: "Yeah, and that’ s... I mean and the last time... I mean I subscribe to a few magazines, and rather than reading them at breakfast on the weekend, I’ll open up my laptop and sort of see what’ s going on there. And I think that’ s... I sort of see what sort of hindrance... and it’ s still... my priority’ s, A, it’ s having a hard time sort of leaving one step to the other , and I think part of that is involves the computer , and leaving a program. There’ s times at racquetball I won’ t [ph?] end up holding my computer open and have it run a program. And I’m oh, I mean there’ s probably more savvy ways of doing this on a cluster but last time I worked on a cluster I sort of hammed up the system and they were about to kick me of f, so I realized that maybe that’ s not a good idea. But I mean I don’ t even shut down my computer . I don’ t research it. I don’ t reboot it. It just keeps on running because there’ s... so much of my life is in those screens, and I have a hard time of just letting go and saying okay , it’s time to go back to the computer later . I think... I mean..." mental health assistant: "Can those things be saved and shut down?" patient: "Yeah but then I’ll have to reopen them. And I think that’ s the resetting of my mind. It doesn’ t do so well. I have a hard time just sort of rebooting my own mind because in a sense I am scattered, and maybe I need to start writing notes of what my thought was before I left. [28:15]" ', 'therapist_result': 'That might be helpful. And in the same way that the night before, deciding where you’re going to go and getting your bag set up, work wise the parallel is looking at where you are when you’re stopping for the night, gathering your thoughts and determining where you’re going to start the next day . It’s that same kind of practice of having a way of closing one part of the... closing one day or closing one activity and preparing yourself for the next one. If you write a note as to here’ s where I was, this is what I was thinking about, this is where I’m going to start tomorrow , it won’ t be so scary to really shut it down and give it a break. Let yourself transition to the next part of your life, which might be sleeping and relaxing or having dinner where you’re really present with your boyfriend, fiancé.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling a real struggle with disconnecting from your computer and the work you do on it.  You mentioned that even simple things like reading magazines get interrupted by checking your laptop.  That's understandable, and it sounds frustrating.  Can you tell me more about what makes it so hard to step away?  Is it a fear of losing your train of thought, or something else entirely?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . So in a way you’re saying that’ s one of the things that’ s hard about making that change, is you’re saying well then I have to reset myself and I have to remember what I was thinking. And I guess the question is, is what about not having that thought in advance, and when you go back to work on it, if I did this, what would happen?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah, the [inaudible] is normal. And that’ s why I look at clothes, is because that’ s when my brain start focusing more on the clothes or more on the face product or... and I think that’ s really being able to take a breath and say okay , it’s... I mean there’ s [inaudible] 1 1:55, why... I had to look up a few more things, why I waited until 12:05. And that could’ve been ten minutes that I was here earlier . And there’ s nothing wrong with getting here early , and it’ s just... it’ s the why am I pushing it, why... a lot of it is that it’ s hard to let go of the flow of... it’ s, yeah, I just need to be able to... and maybe there’ s a lot of ways I can practice this is [inaudible] what time I have to get ready , it has to happen, and that takes so much self-control but I think that’ s... and how come normal people don’ t have problems with it. I don’ t know . I just..." patient: "People struggle with dif ferent things. [31:27] So I think maybe the next step with this is keep that list. I want you to distill it down to headings. So racquetball, investing in relationships, completing research papers, and looking for a job. I think I got... am I missing one?" mental health assistant: "No, no, I think that’ s good.  And then what you can do, create... and you can use your creativity here to make it inviting for yourself. On a regular piece of paper create something with those main sections, however it makes sense to you, so that when you look at it you can sit there at the end of the day , or the beginning of the day , and say okay , how am I going to hit these four main places in this day . And the goal is to go to racquetball three times a week so there will be lots of days when sort of honoring the creative part of yourself that is expressed through racquetball doesn’ t mean you necessarily go to racquetball class that day . But maybe it’s just thinking to yourself, yeah, I’m an athlete, and I’m going to go to this class tomorrow . But it might just be a moment of recognizing that yeah, that’ s part of my identity . [33:04] It’ s one of my priorities, is committing to that. And it doesn’ t mean that it gets an hour or a class or anything other than that acknowledgment. That might be it. But then [inaudible] look and say okay , how am I going to honor the priority of looking for a job today . Is that doing a search? Is it submitting an application? So you can sit there, have a piece of paper on your computer , and maybe when you open up your laptop it’ s there so you have a moment to sit down and kind of get grounded and say okay , here’ s these four main things, how’ s my day going to honor each one. And hopefully that will help you kind of set an intention for how you do the day . So it doesn’ t feel unstructured or haphazard or passive, that it just kind of happens. You can set the intention to hit those four things with some acknowledgement and some of them... some substantial time each day . And let’ s see how that impacts how you can go about each day and how the weeks take shape. Does that make sense?" patient: "Yeah, no, that really makes sense. I think it reminds me of my dad said when he was in college he would make structured lists of how he was going to spend his time. And so now I sort of see that maybe other people have difficulty in..." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah, I mean people... it’ s... lives get complicated and complex and busy , and you’re... and I think that’ s part of what’ s happened, is that your responsibilities have gotten bigger and in more places. [34:43] So it’ s harder to manage them all. And I don’ t know , you might be a list person. You have this creative side, maybe we can tap into that to make... to have it resonate for you. And find a way to or ganize it in a way that really fits your personality and is pleasing to you. Looking at a long list of things you have to do can be really offputting, but if you can create some sort of visual that feels creative it won’ t... maybe it won’ t be of fputting. Maybe it’ll actually be inviting to see that and find a way to use it. Why don’ t we stop there for today .', 'base_result': 'That\'s great you\'re connecting this to your dad\'s experience!  It sounds like you\'re recognizing that you\'re not alone in facing challenges with time management and prioritization –  many people struggle with structuring their days effectively.  That realization itself is a really important step.\n\nIt sounds like you’re feeling overwhelmed, and that’s completely understandable given the number of important areas in your life you are trying to manage. You\'ve already identified four key areas: racquetball, relationships, research papers, and job hunting.  Creating that visual structure, as we discussed, is a fantastic way to bring a sense of control and intentionality to your day.\n\n\nBefore we dive deeper into the implementation of that plan, I\'d like to explore something else that you mentioned earlier. You said,  "how come normal people don’t have problems with it." Can you tell me more about that feeling? What makes you think that “normal” people don’t struggle with similar issues?  What does "normal" mean to you in this context?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Well, I think that’ s a good reminder to yourself that it’ s normal. It’ s not a pathological problem. It’s a human one. There are lots of people who find that helpful. So when you... if you relapse and you don’ t do the list, don’ t be hard on yourself. Just come back to it. It’s a process. And this is a new process for you. [35:05] And this particular process will look dif ferent than how other people do it. It’ll be yours. And eventually , your mind won’ t have to make it down on paper because it’ll be a part of your everyday life and how you organize your day. And I’m sorry that my stomach made noise, by the way . I was trying to keep it quiet but...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "...because she probably would have-because she works with a lot of auxiliary  providers. I will definitely reach out to her ." patient: "Thank you." mental health assistant: "But yeah, I would definitely recommend ." patient: "I\'ll look into the MSU Anxiety Clinic." ', 'therapist_result': "Yeah, and also...God... knowing which way to-I mean, with a lot of things with your ulcer , too anything, there are so many dif ferent ways to go. I would give it a try , if it's something that you feel could help. I would give it a try . I will say that for -CBT  for phobias is phenomenal. For social anxiety , it's quite good, and for OCD. For generalized anxiety , it's not...it's  why I didn't recommend it right of f the bat.", 'base_result': "Okay, so you're going to look into the MSU Anxiety Clinic. That's a great first step.  I'm glad you found something that feels like a potential solution.  Can you tell me a little more about what makes you think that clinic might be a good fit for you? What are you hoping to gain from seeking their help?\n", 'finetuned_result': "Okay . Okay . So, we can stop if you want to. I mean, I-I-I am happy to talk more, but if you're feeling emotional it's also okay to stop. It's absolutely okay to stop. We can just do twenty minutes then.  Or we can talk more, I'm happy to."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "...but then I worked with a couple of people who had other issues they wanted to talk about, but CBT  for the social anxiety , in particular , and found it very helpful, so..." patient: "Right." mental health assistant: "...dif ferent people it\'s not only your symptom category , it\'s who you are and 00:07:33)." patient: "Yeah, I know , absolutely . Something that turned me onto it, as well: one of the people that I spoke to said that it\'s very much like you-that it\'s almost like there\'s a time limit. There\'s a certain amount of time and you go through the first session or whatever and you get a preliminary evaluation, and then the therapist says, "Well, okay , this is what I think I can do for you in x-amount of sessions." Then you have an endpoint to work towards which, I don\'t know , could be a bad thing or it could be a good thing, I\'m not sure.  I don\'t know , I\'m just curious, because I haven\'t done anything like it before." ', 'therapist_result': "I will say CBT  therapists seem more likely to want people to go on medication, because the research is such that it tends to much more ef fective with medication. I don't know if all CBT  therapists will recommend that, but that's definitely what they research, that  combined is a much more effective...that doesn't mean you have to do it...", 'base_result': "Okay, so you're considering CBT for your social anxiety, and the idea of a limited number of sessions – a defined endpoint – has sparked some interesting thoughts.  That's a really insightful observation.  Can you tell me more about what specifically makes you wonder if a time limit might be good or bad? What are some of your concerns or hopes regarding that structure?\n", 'finetuned_result': "Yeah, there's that aspect of it. It's not for everybody . It's not for the person who really needs ongoing support, because they're going to feel very anxious about the limited time, or it's going to be very difficult to really work through a lot of stuf f if it takes longer .  So there is that aspect to it, if it's not a good fit, but it sounds like it's a very good fit for you. I think you like the idea of a goal and a plan and a time limit. It suits your personality really well to have those parameters."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "That doesn\'t mean that you have to go along with all the recommendations." patient: "Yeah. Yeah, I think I just at least want to give it a...try , or at least see what happens, get evaluated by someone who-that\'s what they do, and see what they think. I don\'t know . I feel like maybe there\'s been-I don\'t know . I\'m sure that this is probably part of the process or what-not, but a lot of times, I feel when I sit and I just talk, it makes me more anxious, when I try to process through, without sort of an, "Okay , well, what\'s going on?" and how can I maybe train myself or identify how I\'m distorting my thoughts a little bit and if there\'s anything I can try to do or some sort of exercise when I\'m having these anxious spells to try-yeah, it is alleviate the symptoms. I feel a lot of times, when I\'m just sitting and talking about it and trying to find something to talk about or find the last thing that I was anxious about, I end up getting more anxious than when I came in. I think that\'s where I was turned on by what I\'ve heard about CBT , because I think that that would give me the-in my head, when I think about it, ideally , that would give me the element of, "Okay , well, I can say , \'Well, this made me anxious,\'" but then in the same conversation, we could say , "Okay , well, let\'s look at exactly why ." Maybe this isn\'t what CBT  is, after all. This is what I\'m selectively hearing from my friends\' descriptions of it, but [where then]  we could say , "Okay , well, this is what\'s happening that\'s making you feel anxious, and this is how we can start working towards you not getting to that point," or something like that, "Through X, Y, Z exercises, you should be able to prevent yourself from feeling like that." When I\'ve heard about CBT , that\'s what I hear . I don\'t know if that is what actually happens or what would happen with me; maybe it happens with other people. [00:1 1:04] If I could create my own, I guess ideal sort of the therapy , that\'s what it would be. That might be completely unrealistic for the kind of anxiety that I have." mental health assistant: "I can\'t say , "Absolutely no," or , "Absolutely yes," I think." patient: "Yeah, yeah." ', 'therapist_result': "I would the say the one thing that would be important is-from my vantage point, on a very basic level, you'll feel better if you're able to let go a little bit. Whatever you use to hold on more tightly is not going to be to your advantage, but if you're able to use it to help you let go a little bit...of course, letting go, it sounds so simple...", 'base_result': "It sounds like you're feeling a bit uncertain about the best approach for managing your anxiety, and that's completely understandable.  It's brave of you to be exploring different options and trying to find what works for you.  You mentioned that simply talking about your anxiety sometimes makes it worse. Can you tell me more about what specifically makes it feel that way?  What's the difference between those times when talking helps and when it doesn't?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I mean, I\'d say the biggest thing that\'s missing from what you\'re describing and what a lot of people come in expecting is the human element, which I don\'t say just to be provocative. I think people come in expecting that, "Well, if I\'m upset, they\'ll be upset," or if I\'m excited, they\'ll be excited. And, of course, what I\'m saying is that\'s the biggest thing missing; that\'s not the way it works, and thank God, because that\'s a pretty hollow and lonely way to live, always. But I think people come in expecting that kind of response; they\'re expecting almost like, if I\'m sad, you\'re going to hand me a tissue, or if I\'m anxious, you\'re going to sit me down and give me a cup of water . And that\'s the part that I think people are lacking, that they come in expecting. And, of course, I\'m not saying that that\'s the only way you get to feel better .  In my experience, one of the biggest parts of the feeling better is the feeling seen and understood, which is where the relationship comes in. Now , that doesn\'t mean you\'re going to get that with everybody you meet, but it\'s something that\'s possible here, I think. I\'m not saying that it\'s going to be the silver bullet that instantly fixes everything, but I think it\'s a pretty big part, and I think it\'s something that people are missing.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And you have a goal." patient: "...I do better in structured environments, yeah." mental health assistant: "But you have a goal, too. You\'re trying to do something very specific. It\'s not like you\'re just meandering about." patient: "Right, right. Yeah, I\'ve never done well when I have all this extra time on my hands, or when I\'m just sitting around. I\'m really bad at vacations. I can relax for a day or two, but then-and Amelia\'s the same way , which is great. We do well traveling together , because our ideal vacation is going to a new place and doing stuf f and exploring and seeing things. I\'m not good at sitting on a beach for a week with nothing to do. I get really antsy quickly . I do think that\'s another thing that attracted me to it, is the structure. Saying, "W e have a goal and we\'re going to accomplish it in an x-amount of sessions."" ', 'therapist_result': "I'm sure I can find you at least one or two names.  Recommendations are always the best thing. I understand some people don't really feel comfortable asking their friends or whatever for therapists, but if your friends have a good experience, it's always a really good way to start, too.", 'base_result': "Okay, so you've mentioned that structured environments really help you thrive, and that unstructured time, like vacations, can be quite challenging.  That makes a lot of sense.  It sounds like having a clear goal and a plan to achieve it, like with these sessions, provides you with that needed structure.  Can you tell me more about what makes structured environments so beneficial for you? What specifically feels different or better when you're in a structured setting compared to an unstructured one?\n", 'finetuned_result': "So I think that's another thing that makes it dif ferent for you than it is, again, perhaps to some of these other people who have this more unstructured, more ambiguous kind of goal, more amorphous goal, where it's more about self development, more general self development, which can be ambiguous and it can get muddled."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "They had to have known that you were bringing these particular foods for particular reasons." patient: "I have no idea! I must have had—I think it actually concerned Amelia, a little bit, at how out of it her parents seemed to be and how not understanding of my diet they were. I even had a ten-minute conversation with her mom on the porch one morning about what I could and couldn’ t eat and why . I know it’ s a lot—there are a lot of restrictions right now , so it’ s hard to take in. [0:10:01] I think it’ s just—this is just their way of life, that they just don’ t really think about these things. The things they were eating, they probably thought their mom had bought from the store, because she usually goes to the store every day or something. I just don’ t think they thought to ask." mental health assistant: "She didn’ t—" patient: "Right." ', 'therapist_result': 'Her mom didn’ t— Then we get to Christmas and we make this massive, two-pound squash casserole. I’m thinking, “Look, if we only make enough for me to eat, I’m not going to end up getting any because someone else is going to eat it all. Let’s just go for it and we’ll double all the recipes.” We made this massive thing of squash casserole, I guess whatever you want to call it. Then huge trays of roasted vegetables, like asparagus and Brussels sprouts. People devoured it. There almost wouldn’ t have been enough food had we not cooked what we cooked. Nobody even said, “Thank you!” The next day , her mom and her grandma were going back and forth, “Oh, thank you for cooking.” [00:1 1:00] “No, thank you for cooking!” Amelia was like, “Hey , is anyone going to say , ‘Thanks,’  to Kelsey , because she made half the meal yesterday?” That was aggravating. Amelia was very...I felt guilty , because she was supportive. She’ s been so great throughout this whole thing and just in solidarity the whole week with me. Ate what I was eating and didn’ t—her parents brought in—they wanted to take us out to dinner . Of course, they were like, “Let’ s go to this steakhouse.” There’ s  places, they were like, “Let’ s take you girls out to dinner .” It was laughable how wrong the menus were for me. There was nothing we could do. They ended up ordering in barbecue or something. I’m sure Amelia would have loved to have some ribs, because she loves red meat, but she had beans with me. I told her she didn’ t have to do that, but she was really insistent of sticking with me.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you feel like Amelia’s parents weren’t understanding of your dietary restrictions, even after you explained them.  That must have been frustrating and possibly even a little upsetting. Can you tell me more about how that made you feel?  What specifically was upsetting about their lack of consideration?\n', 'finetuned_result': '— to ask, in other words, what it meant to you, and that it would be dif ferent for them to say , “Oh, we have that at home. My mom always has that! Of course you can eat that!” rather than, “Oh, yeah, no, you can’ t have that. That’ s of f limits.” , [0:1 1:00] in other words, they didn’ t think about it as something that would mean anything to you. They happily offered the cookies as something that would give pleasure to a child, presumably .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I don’ t know that something in our relationship is lost, necessarily . That just reminded me of the fact that this is a big issue that I need to deal with. That she can’ t even remember what I was like before, knowing about all my anxiety ." patient: "I do think medicine would help you." mental health assistant: "I don’ t know ." patient: "I just feel like that can’ t be the only option. There has to be something I can do to control it myself." ', 'therapist_result': 'Medicine isn’ t the only thing, but it’ s certainly something that would help a lot. One can’ t control anxiety . That doesn’ t happen. That doesn’ t work that way . People can develop techniques to calm themselves down in the moment, but the ongoing, underlying anxiety , it’s such a sort of wired state. You can’ t really control that. It’ s like trying to control your mind. That doesn’ t happen. I won’ t say “definitely ,” because people react dif ferently , but there’ s certainly medication with anxiety that also helps with sort of obsessive thinking. I just think you could feel better . It makes me a little sad to know that you [won’ t give]  yourself that opportunity .', 'base_result': "Okay, I hear you saying you feel like there's more to explore than just medication.  That makes sense;  it's understandable to want to take control and find ways to manage your anxiety yourself.  Can you tell me more about what you think that might look like for you?  What kind of self-management strategies have you considered, or are you open to trying?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'That is part of your problem, I think, that you have this expectation that you should be able to control it yourself. Even though I’m not saying it should just be about medication, you can’ t control it without medication. That’ s part of the problem.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "On a practical level, taking medication is never as big a deal as it might feel. First of all, because if it doesn’ t help you—if it works, great.  If it doesn’ t work, you just stop taking it." patient: "Yeah." mental health assistant: "Your losses, in a very practical sense, are nil." patient: "How soon do you know whether it’ s working or not?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Depends on what you’re prescribed. There are certain medications that help alleviate anxiety in the moment, those are pretty obvious pretty quick. There are the medications that take a couple weeks to build up into your bloodstream. I’ve seen some people—they don’ t get much of a reaction. Some people, it really makes a huge dif ference, a dramatic dif ference, in how they feel. They’re in sort of a steady state.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're wondering about the timeline for knowing if the medication is effective. That's a really important question.  It's understandable to want to know as soon as possible if it's making a difference.  Can you tell me a bit more about what you're hoping the medication will help with, and what you'll be looking for to know it's working?  What changes, big or small, would signal to you that it's having a positive impact?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'It depends on the medication. For some it is a week, for others it is a month. At this stage, I would expect it will be weeks until you’ll know with this one. Again, if it’ s not working, you’ll just stop. I don’ t think it’ s a massive practical risk. If you’re thinking about it as emotionally as much as a practical one, I think you feel it’ s a big deal, but actually it’ s not.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s interesting, because, in a sense, that that’ s what the medication would help with. It has ." patient: "My old therapist laughed, because she made the suggestion when I came back from Red Cross. I went to see her before moving up here and process—well, because I was starting to have these anxiety issues, suddenly . When I got back from Egypt was when it really started. I went to see her while I was living in Chicago. We talked about the experiences I had in Egypt and how they were potentially pretty traumatizing and this is how I’m reacting to it, because I didn’ t process them while I was there or whatever . It was pretty fucked up, a lot of the stuf f that happened to me while I was over there, so it’ s natural—I would understand that that would be the trigger for this to become such an issue, here. She said, “Look, I really think if you just—not stay on medication permanently , but if you just—there are certain medications you take for a certain amount of time – six months, per se – and then you can go of f them. You’ll feel better .” I was like, “No, that makes me anxious to think about taking medication,” and she laughed. It was like a joke, but it’ s true. I start to feel like my chest is burning when I think about taking...anxiety mediation." mental health assistant: "Well, it sounds like part of it is feeling like you’ll lose control, like your personality will be altered, there’ll  be that lack of control that makes you very anxious." patient: "Yep." ', 'therapist_result': 'Which is a fear that really has no practical consequence, because if that actually happened – which it probably wouldn’ t – you just stop taking it.  There’ s nothing to be lost, in that sense, but that’ s not My goal is not to push it on you, but to look at why this is that you’ve closed of f an option that could potentially be helpful to you. I’ve certainly seen therapy be more ef fective when people are getting treated properly , psychopharmacologically .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you've shared that the idea of taking medication, even temporarily, makes you feel anxious and even physically uncomfortable – a burning sensation in your chest.  That's a completely understandable reaction.  Can you tell me more about what specifically feels out of control about taking medication? What are your biggest concerns about losing control?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'It’ s not going to change who you are. It might help you get a little more in control, actually , because right now , it’ s sort of the way the wind is blowing that day or what’ s going on that day , without an effective way for you to sort of rectify it.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Again, the issue of—the anxiety of relinquishing control is part of the problem." patient: "Right. I know . It’s been ." mental health assistant: "It’s definitely a catch-22." patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'We don’ t have control over our af fective states. We can think about them and there are things that we can do that can help them, but you can’ t will away anxiety . I certainly don’ t think you’re doomed. I think it will help. You certainly have a wiring for it.  It’s in your family . That doesn’ t mean you’re doomed and it doesn’ t mean other things won’ t help. From my perspective, I’m a pragmatist at heart. Why not do everything you can to make it better?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you said, "It\'s been..."  Can you tell me more about what "it\'s been" like for you?  What are some of the specific experiences or situations that have made you feel like you need to be in control?  Don\'t worry about making it perfect or complete; just share whatever comes to mind.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I guess it’s both  —there’s both the anxiety of relinquishing control, but also in some ways the frustration of being held back from, let’s say , operating in the full realm of who you are. In other words, you’re partially in control and partially out of control. And I think part of the problem in some ways is that you’re so out of control that you can’t use any of your strengths or qualities or capacities.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I don’ t want to break up..." patient: "Yeah." mental health assistant: "...the attachment." patient: "I guess I just don’ t know anyone that’ s like, “Oh, I’ve had such a great time with my anti-anxiety" ', 'therapist_result': 'For some people, they really do. I’ve seen really a very—I don’ t think they’re like the cure-all for some people, they just don’ t feel like they do much. Certain anxiety medication, the biggest complaint I’ve heard is that it’ s – and this is not all anxiety medication – but kind of flattens you a bit, and people don’ t like that and they’ll go of f because of that.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you said "I guess I just don\'t know anyone that\'s like, \'Oh, I\'ve had such a great time with my anti-anxiety medication.\'"  That sounds frustrating.  It makes sense that you\'d feel that way, given that it\'s not a common thing to be excited about.  Can you tell me more about what\'s making you feel this way? What specifically about your experience with anti-anxiety medication is leaving you feeling this way? Is it the medication itself, or is it something else related to it, like the process of seeking help or the stigma around mental health?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I wonder if it is something that you just kind of assume that you’ll have to work through without support and without... I mean, I’m assuming that you’re not walking around saying, “You know , my love life has been hell because of this childhood issue," so I wonder if you just assume that this is something you’re just going to...  [00:22:1 1]'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s certainly not the only option." patient: "I will talk to my brother..." mental health assistant: "Good ." patient: "...and to Amelia." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think, practically , that’ s good. Also, just the meaning of it and this issue around control and how your anxiety—your wish to control your anxiety feeds your anxiety . That’ s sort of the catch-22. I think that’ s an important piece. Kelsey , we need to stop for today .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're planning to talk to your brother and Amelia. That sounds like a good first step.  Can you tell me a little more about why you chose them, and what you hope to achieve by talking to them?  What are you hoping they can offer you in this situation?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yes. I’m also thinking though that in the meantime, it might be good for us to talk about it a little bit more  so that if you need to go to a doctor , it’s a good idea to do it sooner rather than later . Even if it’s just to take anti-depressants for a while until you’re feeling a little bit more solid on your feet, that might be a good thing. Also, the sooner you do that, the sooner you’ll be able to tell how it feels. For many people, it helps enormous ly when they are feeling depressed, although it’s certainly not true for everyone. For some, it helps very little and for other people, it helps a lot. The other thing I’m thinking about is, although I realize that you may or may not be able to, would it be possible to see your therapist a little more often? I know that you’ve said that you haven’t had the money to do so, but I’m also thinking that it sounds like you’ve been coping quite well financially and I’m just wondering if there might be a little bit more. I’m only thinking that because I think it would really help you to feel more contained and seen.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "What are your parents like around touch?" patient: "Not very . As kids, definitely more, but yeah, when I see them we\'ll hug when I get home and hug when I leave. That\'s pretty much it. You know with my sister , a bit more touchy . We\'ll just lay on the couch cuddling. Beyond that, yeah, my parents not very . I don\'t think my parents have kissed me in years.  That just hasn\'t been part of the way we made our relationship match  us, I guess." mental health assistant: "I was also thinking with respect to each other . I wasn\'t only thinking about that." patient: "Yeah.  I wouldn\'t say overly . They\'ll hug each other and kiss each other when they see each other , like after work. I wouldn\'t say every day , but most days. I\'m also not there a lot of the time, so I don\'t really know . But I don\'t think I\'ve ever seen them really cuddling or something like that publicly ." ', 'therapist_result': 'It made me think about it, actually , when you were describing that relationship earlier in the session when you were talking about not being sure what even keeps them together , so I was just thinking about the issue of touch, closeness. I know we were talking about not being sure what even keeps them together , so I was just thinking about the issue of touch, closeness.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you've described a range of physical affection within your family.  You mentioned that with your sister, there's a significant amount of cuddling and closeness, while with your parents, it's much more limited to brief hugs upon arrival and departure.  You also haven't experienced kisses from your parents in years.  And regarding your parents' affection towards each other, you've observed some displays of affection, like hugs and kisses upon seeing each other, but less frequent, intimate displays like cuddling.\n\nThat sounds like a complex situation, and it's understandable to have feelings about this.  Can you tell me more about how this makes you *feel*?  What are some of the thoughts or emotions that come up when you consider your family's level of physical affection?  Perhaps there are specific memories or situations that stand out for you, either positive or negative.  There's no right or wrong answer here; I simply want to understand your experience from your perspective.\n", 'finetuned_result': "Okay . So, well, let's go back to what you were saying about the incident, about the e-mail in the office in the morning. So you say you were a little surprised at how I reacted, a little bit of a shock. You felt kind of bad about it. An aspect of it is that we had been talking about it and I was touching on something that I thought we both knew , but that you then, in a way , kind of dismissed. We're talking about a side of you that you shared a little bit and it had some implications that I was bringing up and that you had then dismissed a bit. Then when I wrote the e-mail it was in a way to clarify and then you felt bad about it. My point with this is, in the way that you were saying that, there's a lot of avoidance of what's actually going on, which is: I took an action that was not a pleasant action and I was willing to do that and I then am not going to be responsible for how you feel about it. I'm not going to be responsible for your hurt. In a way , that's a little bit in this situation with Marshall. There's an aspect of that, as though it can't matter that he's hurting. That's what your father does."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It\'s stressful. Yeah.  I\'m just curious as to why , as is all things in the [throe ]. Why? And then how do I relate to that?  I think entering into heights of shame isn\'t the right space to be to try to be like "this is all right" and then going from there and figuring out ways to decrease my stress in those situations so I cannot recluse or do things that feel right or kind of push myself beyond my own comfort zone. It\'s still hard to know how to relate to it and why it\'s there, or how much I should care about that and just sort of try to combat,  interact with it, in its physical environment of "Okay , I\'m going into this situation and now I\'m in this situation.  What are things I can do to help me deal with it?" versus being "Okay , I sit here," and kind of going down that route. I don\'t think they\'re mutually exclusive, but I don\'t know where to go with it.  I also know that in those situations it\'s oddly important to me that the person initiates. I don\'t know why .  It\'s like it makes me feel really good when another person initiates contact. In all of my idle fantasies about my future life, if there is a moment in which someone would propose to me it\'s always someone proposing to me in my mind." patient: "And not the other way around?" mental health assistant: "And not the other way around. It\'s like why is that reaching out to me is important versus me doing it?" patient: "We\'re going to need to stop, but these are all good questions.  Does this time work for you?" ', 'therapist_result': "I would want it to be a part of a lar ger conversation, but I know we talked when I saw you this summer about maybe coming twice a week and I don't know if you just want to sort of revisit that next time we meet or . . ?", 'base_result': 'Okay, so we\'ve identified some really important things to explore. You\'ve noticed a pattern where you feel better when others initiate contact, particularly in significant moments like a potential proposal. You\'re also grappling with stress and how to manage it, especially in situations that push you outside your comfort zone.  It sounds like you\'re feeling a bit lost navigating these feelings, and that\'s completely understandable.\n\nBefore we end, I want to make sure I understand things correctly and also help you reflect.  Let’s start with the initiating aspect.  You mentioned it makes you feel good when others initiate. Can you tell me more about *why* that feels good? What specific emotions or sensations arise when someone else takes the lead? What does it feel like when *you* have to initiate?  Is there a difference in the way you approach the interaction or the feelings afterward?\n\nAnd regarding the stress and navigating uncomfortable situations, you mentioned feeling shame.  Can you tell me a little more about what situations specifically bring on that feeling of shame? What aspects of those situations contribute to that feeling?  And when you say you want to "combat" or "interact with" the stress in those situations, what does that look like for you right now?  What kind of strategies have you tried, or what strategies do you think might be helpful?\n\nFinally, regarding the time:  Yes, this time works for me. However, it sounds like you might have other commitments that need your attention right now.  Is there a better time for us to continue this conversation and explore these questions further, perhaps next week?  We can schedule a time that works for both of us.  The important thing is to continue this process at your own pace.  There\'s no rush.\n', 'finetuned_result': "Yes.  All right. So the next thing we'll do is work on whatever you'd like, and then we can hear what you have to say about it."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And you said you haven\'t felt that in a while?" patient: "Yeah.  Probably; that exact kind of feeling in quite a while." mental health assistant: "Did you feel the anxiety in part physically?" patient: "Yes. I felt a physical kind of tightness in my chest; like an ener gy, kind of, vibrating inside. It wasn\'t, necessarily , a bad thing. I felt good to kind of begin to start treading back into those spaces, but it was a surprise that it ended up that it was there so fast." ', 'therapist_result': "One of my thoughts, especially given what you're coming in to work on and you can tell me what works for you I'd like to give you a little bit of space to see what comes up versus interjecting questions, demanding questions, so you have to tell me whether that feels okay for me to kind of sit back a little.", 'base_result': 'Okay, so you felt a physical tightness in your chest, almost a vibrating energy, and you described it as not necessarily bad, but surprising in its intensity and speed of onset.  That sounds like quite a powerful experience. Can you tell me more about what triggered that feeling?  What were you doing or thinking about right before you noticed it?\n', 'finetuned_result': "And I think you've been; I don't mean to belabor it. You've been talking about a number of dif ferent ways that, of the dif ference of what you've been used to or the way things have usually been and what's going on now , especially around who you are and what you do, especially at work. All of those kinds of conversations have led up to this. This is kind of the practical impact of the anxiety that you've been talking about in a number of dif ferent ways."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "We are going to need to stop, but maybe together we can get over the threshold. Why don\'t we sort of set up some times to meet for the rest of the month so we\'re all set there. Does that sound good?" mental health assistant: "That\'s good." patient: "Let me take a look. I think I mentioned I leave the 1st, just for a week and a half, but you\'re going to be gone all of August, is that correct?" ', 'therapist_result': "Okay . So let me tell you some times I have next week. I have a 10:00 time on Tuesday . I have a 3:30 time on Wednesday . I have a 4:45 time on Friday . If you want to try and find twice next week, I'm happy to do so. The three times I have are any of those.", 'base_result': "Okay, so you're suggesting we schedule some sessions for the rest of the month, but we need to account for your trip from the 1st and my absence in August.  That sounds like you're being very proactive in making sure we can continue our work together, even with these scheduling challenges.  That’s thoughtful.\n\nCan you tell me a bit more about how you're feeling about having to take this break?  What are your concerns about potentially losing momentum?  And what are your hopes for our sessions in the time we *do* have available?\n", 'finetuned_result': "Yes. Let's see.  Okay . Okay . Tomorrow at 11?  Tomorrow at 11 is perfect. How about the week after next? Let's see, we haven't done the week after this coming one. Shall we do ten o'clock? I'm going to put in ten o'clock and if it doesn't work you can just let me know ."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Let me get back to you. It will be one of those times. Okay , so great. Next Tuesday at 10:00 and then I\'ll see you another time the following Tuesday at 3:20 and then sometime Thursday morning around 9:30. Does that sound good?" patient: "Yep." mental health assistant: "Okay , great. I will see you on Tuesday then. Okay . Take care." patient: "I\'m a little bit confused. You\'re going to invoice and then I take care of that?" ', 'therapist_result': "Yeah. Usually I do it at the end of the month, so I'll invoice you for the co-pay and then for the next two months I can process through the insurance and then after that they're not allowing out of network providers to process, so I would give it to you to just mail it. I can tell you how to do that.", 'base_result': "Okay, I understand you're a little confused about the invoicing process.  That's perfectly understandable; scheduling appointments and figuring out payment can be a bit overwhelming sometimes.  Can you tell me more about what specifically is confusing you about the invoicing?  What part of the process isn't clear?\n", 'finetuned_result': "Yes. So, the insurance, there is a deductible and then there are copayments or coinsurance.  What you pay on top of that can be paid at the end of the year after the insurance has paid. So, I will send you a statement at the end of the year. You'll get a 1099, like for a tax statement, and then you can pay it. Okay? Or you can pay it sooner if you want, but you don't have to pay it until the end of the year and then you'll get a tax statement."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s nice to talk to you." patient: "You can send them in." mental health assistant: "Okay ." patient: "Thanks." ', 'therapist_result': 'Thank you, Mor gan.   How are you? MOTHER: I’m better than I was. MOTHER: Maybe you should turn that up a little bit, because I might be  . FATHER: Sit next to Dora just because you’ve set that tone. How bad was that? Was he really upset about Gordon mostly?', 'base_result': 'Okay, I understand you said "You can send them in." and then "Thanks."  This feels a little cryptic to me.  Before we go further, I want to make sure I understand what\'s happening.  Can you tell me more about what you mean by "them"?  What were you hoping I would send in? And what are you feeling right now – perhaps about having said that, or about whatever "they" are?  There\'s no right or wrong answer, just what\'s true for you.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'This is a time I realize is stressful for you because of the looming deadlines, but it’s also stressful for a reason we haven’t talked about much, which is that you have a lot of deadline-like things going on with your students. I realize this is a hard time for you in that way . Maybe we can talk about that a little bit. What I have in mind is that you have a lot of deadline-like things going on with them. You’re just starting up the semester , and the way you talk about your students gives me the impression that you feel a lot of pressure to do things like let them know what the course is going to be about, keep them on schedule, make sure that they’re doing what they’re supposed to be doing, things like that. And I wonder if that adds a lot of stress.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah. But he is saying, “I know Gordon would freak out about it if I took the metro.” When he said it I thought to myself, “Ooh. He’ s right.” FATHER: He said metro?" patient: "I said metro, but he said the bus. FATHER: We try to get him out more. We don’ t have a lot of money and he doesn’ t, so that’ s the tough call." mental health assistant: "I know . But I wonder with the handicapped Social Security thing if we might get him pre-metro. He might be able to get a pass. MOTHER: I can call his caseworker ." patient: "Right. It might be worth just asking, as long as his . . . MOTHER: They’ve of fered him all kinds of – like do you need somebody to come to the house and bathe him? I’m like no, he’ s fully functional." ', 'therapist_result': 'But would it be worth having somebody that occasionally comes and they just go out. Like you just said, he’ s very high-functioning but that it wouldn’ t be . . . FATHER: Do you have a piece of paper you could just – anything, Walter. Nothing valuable. All right. So metro.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like there's a bit of a disagreement about transportation, and you're feeling frustrated.  You wanted to use the metro, but your father suggested the bus instead.  Can you tell me more about why the metro is your preferred option? What makes the bus less appealing to you?  And it sounds like your parents are trying to help, considering your financial situation.  How does that make you feel? Is there a way we can find a solution that works for everyone?  I also hear that there's a possibility of a pre-metro pass through social security. What are your feelings about exploring that option?  Finally, your mother mentioned assistance services and you seem to be doing well independently.  That’s great to hear and shows your strength and resourcefulness. How does that independent feeling contribute to this whole situation?  Let's explore these feelings and possibilities together.  What feels most important to you to address right now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Functional and maybe not in the mood or something. That’ s why I like the bus idea. I think we could probably get him a metro pass and then he’d just get to ride. He could still do that. He could still take the – even if he’ s of f the meds and he’ s still in the process of figuring out who he is and what he’ s doing, he could still take the bus. Even if he’ s of f the meds. It’ s not going to be a catastrophic kind of event. It’ll be fine.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I said metro, but he said the bus. FATHER: We try to get him out more. We don’ t have a lot of money and he doesn’ t, so that’ s the tough call." patient: "I know . But I wonder with the handicapped Social Security thing if we might get him pre-metro. He might be able to get a pass. MOTHER: I can call his caseworker ." mental health assistant: "Right. It might be worth just asking, as long as his . . . MOTHER: They’ve of fered him all kinds of – like do you need somebody to come to the house and bathe him? I’m like no, he’ s fully functional." patient: "But would it be worth having somebody that occasionally comes and they just go out. Like you just said, he’ s very high-functioning but that it wouldn’ t be . . . FATHER: Do you have a piece of paper you could just – anything, Walter. Nothing valuable. All right. So metro." ', 'therapist_result': 'If there is a caseworker , maybe just take him out to a cof fee shop , just to socialize. MOTHER: Well do you know what else? Remember we had that chat last time about letting him to go Bur ger King and have a cof fee? Because we have a Bur ger King like three blocks away and Casey will drop him of f and he’ll have a latte. FATHER: He’ll hang out for an hour or call me when he’ s ready . So we do do that. When we have money he does go to . . . MOTHER: He calls it a “me night” and goes to Friday’ s. FATHER: Friday’ s and has a drink even.', 'base_result': "Okay, I hear you saying you're considering getting some help with getting your father out more, even though he's high-functioning.  It sounds like you're juggling a lot of things:  your father's needs, financial constraints, and the possibility of pre-metro passes. That must be incredibly stressful.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically makes you think having someone come occasionally to help him go out would be beneficial? What are your concerns about his current situation?  What are you hoping would change if he had this extra support?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'So then you’d have to figure out a way of, like some kind of pouch or something that he’d feel comfortable enough to wear, you know . Like an inside jacket pocket or something like that. Something that he’d feel comfortable with. And then you’d use your Clipper Card and then he’d just tap it for you and he’d have his own.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Right. It might be worth just asking, as long as his . . . MOTHER: They’ve of fered him all kinds of – like do you need somebody to come to the house and bathe him? I’m like no, he’ s fully functional." patient: "But would it be worth having somebody that occasionally comes and they just go out. Like you just said, he’ s very high-functioning but that it wouldn’ t be . . . FATHER: Do you have a piece of paper you could just – anything, Walter. Nothing valuable. All right. So metro." mental health assistant: "If there is a caseworker , maybe just take him out to a cof fee shop , just to socialize. MOTHER: Well do you know what else? Remember we had that chat last time about letting him to go Bur ger King and have a cof fee? Because we have a Bur ger King like three blocks away and Casey will drop him of f and he’ll have a latte. FATHER: He’ll hang out for an hour or call me when he’ s ready . So we do do that. When we have money he does go to . . . MOTHER: He calls it a “me night” and goes to Friday’ s. FATHER: Friday’ s and has a drink even." patient: "But do we have any thoughts about, when the time comes that he’ s really got to be solo, is he going to go with the siblings? Has anyone talked about this? FATHER: I’ve always thought that somehow Emily would have to be the one to take care of him." ', 'therapist_result': 'Do you guys do a special needs trust? Did you do that? The problem is you’ve got to make sure that the money doesn’ t go to him. It’ s got to go to a trust, otherwise he loses Social Security . That’ s the problem. MOTHER: Right. FATHER: Right. So the trust fund should be in the third-party’ s name?', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling concerned about your son's future, specifically about his ability to live independently and the support he might need once he's on his own.  That's a completely understandable worry for a parent.\n\nIt seems like you've already explored some options, like occasional outside help and outings, which is great.  You're clearly actively involved in his life and supporting his independence. Can you tell me more about what specifically worries you about his ability to live independently?  What aspects of daily life make you question his readiness?\n\n\nWhat are your thoughts and feelings about your father's suggestion that Emily should be the primary caregiver? How does that make you feel?  Is that a realistic expectation in your opinion, and are there other possibilities you've considered?\n\nPerhaps we can explore different scenarios together and brainstorm potential solutions. Let's not rush into anything, and instead focus on your concerns one at a time. What is the most pressing concern on your mind right now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'All right. I’ve got the  stuf f. Let me just show you. This is the waiver . In case you have some, I guess in part this is just because it’ s new to us. There’ s a case management service through the state that we’re eligible for that I was unaware of before.  In case you have some thoughts about it after , I want to make sure there’ s nothing in the way of you being able to call them. I filled out the application and they have case management and it basically seems like they could, for example, hook us up with a worker who would go visit [Elias] and help him with self-esteem, give him leisure activities. I mean there’ s a bunch of stuf f that we don’ t have, particularly after his dad is out of the house, and that is one of the things that this would be worth looking into. I do want to hear more about your thoughts.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But would it be worth having somebody that occasionally comes and they just go out. Like you just said, he’ s very high-functioning but that it wouldn’ t be . . . FATHER: Do you have a piece of paper you could just – anything, Walter. Nothing valuable. All right. So metro." patient: "If there is a caseworker , maybe just take him out to a cof fee shop , just to socialize. MOTHER: Well do you know what else? Remember we had that chat last time about letting him to go Bur ger King and have a cof fee? Because we have a Bur ger King like three blocks away and Casey will drop him of f and he’ll have a latte. FATHER: He’ll hang out for an hour or call me when he’ s ready . So we do do that. When we have money he does go to . . . MOTHER: He calls it a “me night” and goes to Friday’ s. FATHER: Friday’ s and has a drink even." mental health assistant: "But do we have any thoughts about, when the time comes that he’ s really got to be solo, is he going to go with the siblings? Has anyone talked about this? FATHER: I’ve always thought that somehow Emily would have to be the one to take care of him." patient: "Do you guys do a special needs trust? Did you do that? The problem is you’ve got to make sure that the money doesn’ t go to him. It’ s got to go to a trust, otherwise he loses Social Security . That’ s the problem. MOTHER: Right. FATHER: Right. So the trust fund should be in the third-party’ s name?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. It’ s called a special needs trust and there would be someone else, like Emily would be the makes sure that Mor gan would never get an inheritance, that the inheritance that he would get would go to the trust so it doesn’ t play with his Social Security . MOTHER: I don’ t know how he would get an inheritance. We’ve got nothing to leave.', 'base_result': 'Okay, I hear your concern about the future and how to best support your loved one while protecting their Social Security benefits. It sounds like you\'re navigating some complex financial and logistical planning.  That must feel overwhelming.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically worries you about your loved one being alone in the future? What are your biggest fears or anxieties related to that?\n\nAnd regarding the special needs trust,  what aspects of setting it up are causing you the most confusion or stress? What questions do you have about how it will work, and how you can ensure it effectively protects his benefits?\n\nIt sounds like you\'ve already put a lot of thought and effort into planning for the future, and explored some good options like occasional social outings and even the "me night" at Friday\'s.  Those are positive steps.  What are some other possibilities you\'ve considered, even if they\'re just initial thoughts? What feels like a possible solution, even if it\'s a small one?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Right, so the money is in the trust and then the trustee – it can be a parent, it can be another party , it can be the bank that serves as trustee and does whatever the trust says to do. It says “this is what we do with it, Jack,” so it’ s not his money . He can’ t demand “I want that money , it’ s mine.” It’ s an irrevocable trust, but if you’ve got a revocable trust then he has access to it. That’ s what . . . .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But do we have any thoughts about, when the time comes that he’ s really got to be solo, is he going to go with the siblings? Has anyone talked about this? FATHER: I’ve always thought that somehow Emily would have to be the one to take care of him." patient: "Do you guys do a special needs trust? Did you do that? The problem is you’ve got to make sure that the money doesn’ t go to him. It’ s got to go to a trust, otherwise he loses Social Security . That’ s the problem. MOTHER: Right. FATHER: Right. So the trust fund should be in the third-party’ s name?" mental health assistant: "Yeah. It’ s called a special needs trust and there would be someone else, like Emily would be the makes sure that Mor gan would never get an inheritance, that the inheritance that he would get would go to the trust so it doesn’ t play with his Social Security . MOTHER: I don’ t know how he would get an inheritance. We’ve got nothing to leave." patient: "I know , but . . . MOTHER: Well we went to that thing." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah, and? MOTHER: We went on the wrong night. FATHER: But thankfully there was a sainted – what were they – eighty years old? Eighty-year -old people with a son who is 47, older than Gordon, who is musical, can’ t seem to get his shit together , excuse my French, but is not violent towards them. We commiserated with them. Thank God they were there. They were like angels. There was no one else there. We were there on the wrong night so we’ve got to go next Monday . We talked to them. They were sweet. They were just like angels. Thank God there was somebody there for us. They pretty much agreed that we should call the police if anything is up. But like today , to just give you an idea of what we’re living with, today – first of all, I was out visiting Emily last night.  He was panicked all night that I was taken away by the conspiracy . The conspiracy continues. The apparent delusion continues.', 'base_result': "Okay, I hear you saying you're feeling worried about Morgan's future and the financial implications of your planning.  It sounds like you're grappling with a lot of complex information and it's understandable to feel overwhelmed.  \n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically is causing you the most stress right now regarding the special needs trust and Morgan's future care?  What are your biggest concerns about the financial arrangements?  \n\nIt sounds like you've already taken some steps, attending meetings and exploring options.  That's great progress!  Can you tell me a little more about what you've learned so far, and what perhaps still feels unclear or confusing?\n\nIt's also okay to feel unsure and even a little lost in the process.  Planning for someone with special needs involves so many moving parts.   What feelings are you experiencing right now related to this situation?  Are you feeling anxious, frustrated, hopeful, or something else entirely?  Let's explore those feelings together.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Well one of the reasons I’m bringing that up, even though you guys have nothing to leave, is because I think it’s important to understand that, but I also think that that kind of thing, if you’re planning, and I know you’re not, but it does have to do with money , thinking about the future, is that something that ever crosses your mind, Brian, like thinking ahead, what if this, what if that?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Do you guys do a special needs trust? Did you do that? The problem is you’ve got to make sure that the money doesn’ t go to him. It’ s got to go to a trust, otherwise he loses Social Security . That’ s the problem. MOTHER: Right. FATHER: Right. So the trust fund should be in the third-party’ s name?" patient: "Yeah. It’ s called a special needs trust and there would be someone else, like Emily would be the makes sure that Mor gan would never get an inheritance, that the inheritance that he would get would go to the trust so it doesn’ t play with his Social Security . MOTHER: I don’ t know how he would get an inheritance. We’ve got nothing to leave." mental health assistant: "I know , but . . . MOTHER: Well we went to that thing." patient: "Yeah, and? MOTHER: We went on the wrong night. FATHER: But thankfully there was a sainted – what were they – eighty years old? Eighty-year -old people with a son who is 47, older than Gordon, who is musical, can’ t seem to get his shit together , excuse my French, but is not violent towards them. We commiserated with them. Thank God they were there. They were like angels. There was no one else there. We were there on the wrong night so we’ve got to go next Monday . We talked to them. They were sweet. They were just like angels. Thank God there was somebody there for us. They pretty much agreed that we should call the police if anything is up. But like today , to just give you an idea of what we’re living with, today – first of all, I was out visiting Emily last night.  He was panicked all night that I was taken away by the conspiracy . The conspiracy continues. The apparent delusion continues." ', 'therapist_result': 'And the fact that you come back safe never comforts him? FATHER: No. No. He terrorizes her; it’ s gotten to the point where we’re making our bedroom a second living space. Thankfully it’ s big enough, but he just can’ t let it go, Walter. He just can’ t let it go. MOTHER: He keeps saying, “When the divorce goes through, then they can arrest Bruce and his father , Billy .” Now what does that have to do with anything? I’m of a mind to call the detectives myself and ask if there is really a case. FATHER: But he’ll go crazy if he finds out. MOTHER: He keeps saying. “I have to hide out. I have to lay low . I can’ t work. I can’ t talk to anybody .” FATHER: I tell him, “Can’ t you dust of f your resume and update it, just for the future when this is over?” “Oh, I can’t think about that.” Then, talk about delusion on top of delusion, he thinks that this will be such a big thing that this case he cracked, that he’ s going to be of fered a book deal. MOTHER: And a parade. FATHER: Come one. Even if there was a scintilla of a chance of that, Walter, do you not just be a normal person and have a life and a job? “Oh, a desk job I don’ t want a . . .” My God. What do you want to do?', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you've been dealing with a very stressful situation involving your son, Morgan, and the complexities of planning for his future, especially concerning his Social Security benefits.  That must be incredibly overwhelming.\n\nYou mentioned the special needs trust and the meeting you attended.  Can you tell me more about how that meeting made you feel? You said you met some people who were a source of comfort, but you also missed the initial meeting. What was it like to connect with those other parents, and how did that conversation impact your feelings about moving forward with the trust and managing Morgan's situation?\n\n\nIt also sounds like Morgan is experiencing some significant challenges, including what you describe as delusions related to a conspiracy. That must be incredibly difficult to witness and cope with. Can you tell me more about what these delusions involve and how they impact your daily life and your family?  How does it feel to be dealing with this ongoing anxiety and uncertainty?  There’s no right or wrong way to feel about this, whatever you’re feeling is valid.  What are your biggest concerns right now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Do you know what I’m thinking? I’m thinking we should call Somebody . I think it sounds like to me like what he’ s doing to you, it’ s a form of violence and a form of terror -ism, and it sounds like it’ s escalated so much that it’ s really uninformed and uninformed with the sort of thing that he does in the way that he is that I think we should really call somebody . It sounds like he’ s really escalated.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah. It’ s called a special needs trust and there would be someone else, like Emily would be the makes sure that Mor gan would never get an inheritance, that the inheritance that he would get would go to the trust so it doesn’ t play with his Social Security . MOTHER: I don’ t know how he would get an inheritance. We’ve got nothing to leave." patient: "I know , but . . . MOTHER: Well we went to that thing." mental health assistant: "Yeah, and? MOTHER: We went on the wrong night. FATHER: But thankfully there was a sainted – what were they – eighty years old? Eighty-year -old people with a son who is 47, older than Gordon, who is musical, can’ t seem to get his shit together , excuse my French, but is not violent towards them. We commiserated with them. Thank God they were there. They were like angels. There was no one else there. We were there on the wrong night so we’ve got to go next Monday . We talked to them. They were sweet. They were just like angels. Thank God there was somebody there for us. They pretty much agreed that we should call the police if anything is up. But like today , to just give you an idea of what we’re living with, today – first of all, I was out visiting Emily last night.  He was panicked all night that I was taken away by the conspiracy . The conspiracy continues. The apparent delusion continues." patient: "And the fact that you come back safe never comforts him? FATHER: No. No. He terrorizes her; it’ s gotten to the point where we’re making our bedroom a second living space. Thankfully it’ s big enough, but he just can’ t let it go, Walter. He just can’ t let it go. MOTHER: He keeps saying, “When the divorce goes through, then they can arrest Bruce and his father , Billy .” Now what does that have to do with anything? I’m of a mind to call the detectives myself and ask if there is really a case. FATHER: But he’ll go crazy if he finds out. MOTHER: He keeps saying. “I have to hide out. I have to lay low . I can’ t work. I can’ t talk to anybody .” FATHER: I tell him, “Can’ t you dust of f your resume and update it, just for the future when this is over?” “Oh, I can’t think about that.” Then, talk about delusion on top of delusion, he thinks that this will be such a big thing that this case he cracked, that he’ s going to be of fered a book deal. MOTHER: And a parade. FATHER: Come one. Even if there was a scintilla of a chance of that, Walter, do you not just be a normal person and have a life and a job? “Oh, a desk job I don’ t want a . . .” My God. What do you want to do?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Have you and Dora thought about, as you were saying, if you contacted the police, are you saying for yourself that you want to know? MOTHER: I want to know if there really is a case and if they’re working on it because I don’ t believe anything he tells me. Every day it’ s something new . FATHER: I wonder if this is too much to ask, probably , but what if you called privately and just say you’re working with some people who have health issues and this came up and you wondered if there was any veracity to this. MOTHER: It would be Orange County Detectives Department, I guess.', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're facing an incredibly challenging situation with your son, and I can only imagine how stressful and emotionally draining this must be.  Let's try to unpack this a bit.  You mentioned his delusions are persistent and impacting his life significantly. Can you tell me more about what it feels like for you and your wife to experience this on a daily basis? What are some of the most difficult aspects of this situation for each of you?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I’m sorry . No. I mean, part of me is like I’m not sure I should be doing this, but I also am a little bit. I don’ t mean the sort of . . . I guess there are two parts to it. One is I’m not really sure what I’m saying is all that helpful but I’m also kind of like I do a little want to disagree with you and say it’ s not like the kind of thing that is a tremendous burden that like if we could solve it would make a huge dif ference because it seems to me that, I don’ t know , there is a lot in it for him. It seems to be a very . . . .  I’m a little unclear because I know you’ve said before and maybe this has changed a little, but previously it seemed like your impression was that it was more a kind of grandiose fantasy , but I’ve also heard you say , like it’ s really something that he does, I think, is he’ s not like, “I’m going to invent this so I can get a lot of attention and get on the news and all that.”'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah, and? MOTHER: We went on the wrong night. FATHER: But thankfully there was a sainted – what were they – eighty years old? Eighty-year -old people with a son who is 47, older than Gordon, who is musical, can’ t seem to get his shit together , excuse my French, but is not violent towards them. We commiserated with them. Thank God they were there. They were like angels. There was no one else there. We were there on the wrong night so we’ve got to go next Monday . We talked to them. They were sweet. They were just like angels. Thank God there was somebody there for us. They pretty much agreed that we should call the police if anything is up. But like today , to just give you an idea of what we’re living with, today – first of all, I was out visiting Emily last night.  He was panicked all night that I was taken away by the conspiracy . The conspiracy continues. The apparent delusion continues." patient: "And the fact that you come back safe never comforts him? FATHER: No. No. He terrorizes her; it’ s gotten to the point where we’re making our bedroom a second living space. Thankfully it’ s big enough, but he just can’ t let it go, Walter. He just can’ t let it go. MOTHER: He keeps saying, “When the divorce goes through, then they can arrest Bruce and his father , Billy .” Now what does that have to do with anything? I’m of a mind to call the detectives myself and ask if there is really a case. FATHER: But he’ll go crazy if he finds out. MOTHER: He keeps saying. “I have to hide out. I have to lay low . I can’ t work. I can’ t talk to anybody .” FATHER: I tell him, “Can’ t you dust of f your resume and update it, just for the future when this is over?” “Oh, I can’t think about that.” Then, talk about delusion on top of delusion, he thinks that this will be such a big thing that this case he cracked, that he’ s going to be of fered a book deal. MOTHER: And a parade. FATHER: Come one. Even if there was a scintilla of a chance of that, Walter, do you not just be a normal person and have a life and a job? “Oh, a desk job I don’ t want a . . .” My God. What do you want to do?" mental health assistant: "Have you and Dora thought about, as you were saying, if you contacted the police, are you saying for yourself that you want to know? MOTHER: I want to know if there really is a case and if they’re working on it because I don’ t believe anything he tells me. Every day it’ s something new . FATHER: I wonder if this is too much to ask, probably , but what if you called privately and just say you’re working with some people who have health issues and this came up and you wondered if there was any veracity to this. MOTHER: It would be Orange County Detectives Department, I guess." patient: "I can ask. I don’ t know if they’ll tell me, but I can ask. FATHER: Wouldn’ t it be interesting if you said, “Hey , Casey , yeah; there is something. You better be quiet. He is a . . .” I have a feeling they’ll say nothing." ', 'therapist_result': 'They may not be able to tell me anything, but I can at least ask the question about Bruce. FATHER: Bruce. What’ s the other guy’ s name? Brother Charlie? MOTHER: Yeah, and then Billy is the father who is horribly abusive. He threw the mother out on the street ten years ago with only the clothes on her back; and the boys stayed with the father because he had all the money . They don’ t even see their mother . FATHER: What is the mother ’s name? MOTHER: Elaine. FATHER: Elaine Jef fries? MOTHER: I guess so, because the divorce isn’ t final yet. FATHER: Is there any other name? Who is the deceased woman? MOTHER: Penelope French is the girl that he thinks Bruce murdered. FATHER: How do you spell that? F-R-E-N-C-H? MOTHER: Yes. She went to school with Emily . She was at her 15th birthday party .  The whole thing sounds so convoluted. FATHER: I’m going to just give this to you. Here. MOTHER: And it’ s driving Mor gan crazy . The poor kid cries every day . He can’ t stand it. FATHER: Walter, we just want to drive away with him. MOTHER: Look at this. I’m a nervous wreck. FATHER: And I should tell you we have to come clean. Here I am with Mor gan in the store. Dora dropped us both of f. MOTHER: The day before Thanksgiving. FATHER: We come out in the pouring rain with the last few things we needed, cobbling together what little money we have for whatever . There we are and Dora is nowhere to be found. To this day , I don’ t know where she was and what she was doing, Walter. MOTHER: I told you. FATHER: Just let me finish and then you can tell your story . So here’ s Mor gan and I, freezing rain, holding umbrellas, have packages. Dora, where are you? Where did you go? To me, she kicked me out so she could do something. This has been an issue because you never know . She could go of f and buy liquor or drink in a bar . It’s been this way for the holiday thing. It’ s pretty much like I have to worry about Dora’ s medicine, did she get it? If MOTHER: Of f the wagon? Do you mean if you stop taking Synthroid you’re going to go ballistic? FATHER: Or you’re going to go mad. There is a really intense, if you look at it – yeah, you get really irritable, anxiety and . . . So it enhances anything else going on.', 'base_result': "That sounds incredibly stressful and frustrating.  It’s understandable that you’re feeling overwhelmed by this situation.  You’re considering contacting the Orange County Detectives Department to see if there’s any validity to your husband’s claims. That takes courage, and it's a perfectly reasonable step to take given the circumstances.\n\nBefore you make the call, though, I wonder if we could explore some things.  You mentioned your husband's fear is impacting your daily lives significantly.  Can you tell me more about how his beliefs are affecting your emotional well-being?  What are some specific ways his behavior is causing you distress?  \n\nIt also sounds like there's a lot of uncertainty surrounding his claims.  What is the biggest concern for *you* right now, beyond the factual truth of the case he's fixated on?  What are your needs and priorities in this difficult situation?\n\nFinally, you mentioned the possibility of him reacting badly if he finds out you contacted the detectives.  How do you anticipate managing that situation? What are your potential strategies for mitigating any negative consequences?  Let's talk through these things, and explore your options. Your feelings are valid, and it’s okay to feel confused, scared, and even angry.  Taking things one step at a time is often the most helpful approach.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I’ll find out if I can. But I think one of the things that is hard for you in this is that there are so many things that are layered into the way you and I are talking about this. On the one hand, you’re saying it’ s hard because there is so much going on, the layers of the fiction that Brian is living in, the way he’ s very clearly trying to manipulate Dora, so hard to sort out in a way , especially for you, where the reality is, where did the reality lie.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Have you and Dora thought about, as you were saying, if you contacted the police, are you saying for yourself that you want to know? MOTHER: I want to know if there really is a case and if they’re working on it because I don’ t believe anything he tells me. Every day it’ s something new . FATHER: I wonder if this is too much to ask, probably , but what if you called privately and just say you’re working with some people who have health issues and this came up and you wondered if there was any veracity to this. MOTHER: It would be Orange County Detectives Department, I guess." patient: "I can ask. I don’ t know if they’ll tell me, but I can ask. FATHER: Wouldn’ t it be interesting if you said, “Hey , Casey , yeah; there is something. You better be quiet. He is a . . .” I have a feeling they’ll say nothing." mental health assistant: "They may not be able to tell me anything, but I can at least ask the question about Bruce. FATHER: Bruce. What’ s the other guy’ s name? Brother Charlie? MOTHER: Yeah, and then Billy is the father who is horribly abusive. He threw the mother out on the street ten years ago with only the clothes on her back; and the boys stayed with the father because he had all the money . They don’ t even see their mother . FATHER: What is the mother ’s name? MOTHER: Elaine. FATHER: Elaine Jef fries? MOTHER: I guess so, because the divorce isn’ t final yet. FATHER: Is there any other name? Who is the deceased woman? MOTHER: Penelope French is the girl that he thinks Bruce murdered. FATHER: How do you spell that? F-R-E-N-C-H? MOTHER: Yes. She went to school with Emily . She was at her 15th birthday party .  The whole thing sounds so convoluted. FATHER: I’m going to just give this to you. Here. MOTHER: And it’ s driving Mor gan crazy . The poor kid cries every day . He can’ t stand it. FATHER: Walter, we just want to drive away with him. MOTHER: Look at this. I’m a nervous wreck. FATHER: And I should tell you we have to come clean. Here I am with Mor gan in the store. Dora dropped us both of f. MOTHER: The day before Thanksgiving. FATHER: We come out in the pouring rain with the last few things we needed, cobbling together what little money we have for whatever . There we are and Dora is nowhere to be found. To this day , I don’ t know where she was and what she was doing, Walter. MOTHER: I told you. FATHER: Just let me finish and then you can tell your story . So here’ s Mor gan and I, freezing rain, holding umbrellas, have packages. Dora, where are you? Where did you go? To me, she kicked me out so she could do something. This has been an issue because you never know . She could go of f and buy liquor or drink in a bar . It’s been this way for the holiday thing. It’ s pretty much like I have to worry about Dora’ s medicine, did she get it? If MOTHER: Of f the wagon? Do you mean if you stop taking Synthroid you’re going to go ballistic? FATHER: Or you’re going to go mad. There is a really intense, if you look at it – yeah, you get really irritable, anxiety and . . . So it enhances anything else going on." patient: "What do you take that for? Is that your arthritis? MOTHER: Thyroid." ', 'therapist_result': 'Oh, thyroid. FATHER: So you can see that has a play in the chemical whatever . So anyway , Mor gan and I are standing in the rain. We’re waiting for an hour or more. MOTHER: No, it wasn’ t an hour . It was 20 minutes. FATHER: Okay , then she says, “Oh, I’m around the side.” I go around and it’ s like, Walter, I love this woman, but what is she doing to me? When I trust her to leave with the car and she’ s going to leave poor Mor gan and I stranded in the rain. I still don’ t know what happened. She claims everything from, “Oh, I just wanted to walk into traffic and kill myself, but I changed my mind.” Do you want to say anything else about that? MOTHER: That’ s about the size of it.', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're dealing with a lot right now, and it's understandable that you're feeling overwhelmed.  This situation with Bruce, Penelope, and the potential police involvement seems incredibly complex and stressful.  Before we focus on contacting the authorities, can you tell me more about what's making you feel so anxious and uncertain?  What specifically worries you the most about this situation?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'What is it? My thyroid, hypothyroidism. My genes are very recessive, Walter. Very recessive. But we’ll leave the genetics to the geneticists. You could say , hey , you’re neurotic, but let’ s leave that to the psychiatrists and psychologist. So it’s a hormone deficiency , which causes all sorts of horrible symptoms if you don’ t treat it. I don’ t want to run through all of them because it will take us too long, but it can cause everything from severe, severe depression, severe fatigue, weight gain, infertility and miscarriage; can cause retarded children if the mother has it and is pregnant; causes retardation in children if they have it. It causes everything from cognitive decline, dementia, cognitive, cognitive, cognitive. It can cause anxiety , depression, fatigue, infertility , miscarriage. It can cause, I think, all of the symptoms in my relative. All of the symptoms. But like I say , we’ll let the endocrinologists deal with that. All right? We’ll stop there because we’d be here all day .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I can ask. I don’ t know if they’ll tell me, but I can ask. FATHER: Wouldn’ t it be interesting if you said, “Hey , Casey , yeah; there is something. You better be quiet. He is a . . .” I have a feeling they’ll say nothing." patient: "They may not be able to tell me anything, but I can at least ask the question about Bruce. FATHER: Bruce. What’ s the other guy’ s name? Brother Charlie? MOTHER: Yeah, and then Billy is the father who is horribly abusive. He threw the mother out on the street ten years ago with only the clothes on her back; and the boys stayed with the father because he had all the money . They don’ t even see their mother . FATHER: What is the mother ’s name? MOTHER: Elaine. FATHER: Elaine Jef fries? MOTHER: I guess so, because the divorce isn’ t final yet. FATHER: Is there any other name? Who is the deceased woman? MOTHER: Penelope French is the girl that he thinks Bruce murdered. FATHER: How do you spell that? F-R-E-N-C-H? MOTHER: Yes. She went to school with Emily . She was at her 15th birthday party .  The whole thing sounds so convoluted. FATHER: I’m going to just give this to you. Here. MOTHER: And it’ s driving Mor gan crazy . The poor kid cries every day . He can’ t stand it. FATHER: Walter, we just want to drive away with him. MOTHER: Look at this. I’m a nervous wreck. FATHER: And I should tell you we have to come clean. Here I am with Mor gan in the store. Dora dropped us both of f. MOTHER: The day before Thanksgiving. FATHER: We come out in the pouring rain with the last few things we needed, cobbling together what little money we have for whatever . There we are and Dora is nowhere to be found. To this day , I don’ t know where she was and what she was doing, Walter. MOTHER: I told you. FATHER: Just let me finish and then you can tell your story . So here’ s Mor gan and I, freezing rain, holding umbrellas, have packages. Dora, where are you? Where did you go? To me, she kicked me out so she could do something. This has been an issue because you never know . She could go of f and buy liquor or drink in a bar . It’s been this way for the holiday thing. It’ s pretty much like I have to worry about Dora’ s medicine, did she get it? If MOTHER: Of f the wagon? Do you mean if you stop taking Synthroid you’re going to go ballistic? FATHER: Or you’re going to go mad. There is a really intense, if you look at it – yeah, you get really irritable, anxiety and . . . So it enhances anything else going on." mental health assistant: "What do you take that for? Is that your arthritis? MOTHER: Thyroid." patient: "Oh, thyroid. FATHER: So you can see that has a play in the chemical whatever . So anyway , Mor gan and I are standing in the rain. We’re waiting for an hour or more. MOTHER: No, it wasn’ t an hour . It was 20 minutes. FATHER: Okay , then she says, “Oh, I’m around the side.” I go around and it’ s like, Walter, I love this woman, but what is she doing to me? When I trust her to leave with the car and she’ s going to leave poor Mor gan and I stranded in the rain. I still don’ t know what happened. She claims everything from, “Oh, I just wanted to walk into traffic and kill myself, but I changed my mind.” Do you want to say anything else about that? MOTHER: That’ s about the size of it." ', 'therapist_result': 'Are you feeling suicidal active? MOTHER: I was that day . It was like we had been starving for three days because we had no money . The money was coming in the day before Thanksgiving. It came in, we ran out, I wasn’ t feeling well, I felt really anxious, and I was out of my panic medicine. Then we go by Emily’ s office and she wants us to invite Devon to dinner and you know what’ s going on with that crap.', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're dealing with a lot right now, and it's completely understandable that you're feeling overwhelmed.  This family situation is incredibly complex and emotionally charged.  Before we delve deeper into the specifics of Bruce and the other family members, I want to acknowledge how distressing this must be for you.  You mentioned your frustration and concern with the lack of information. Can you tell me more about what specifically about this situation makes it so difficult for you to cope with right now?  What are your biggest concerns or worries related to this?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I mean, I think you’re sort of missing the obvious there. The most likely reason why you were missing your medicine like that and why you were so irritable is because you were of f the wagon. I don’ t think the irritability is unrelated to the not remembering your medicine. You are right that that can also just be a direct ef fect of the medication itself. You’re being extreme and saying “going mad.” I think that is rare. Is that what you mean? Because you’re clearly not yourself when you are of f the wagon. The fact that you were missing your medicine was just an example of that. I guess what’ s a little less extreme is, it may have a lot of other examples. Your mood when you’re of f the wagon is really dif ferent. You’re really more subdued. You don’ t trust people and that’ s because you have a history of really being betrayed and abandoned. In your childhood, when you would get abandoned by your mother or your father , you didn’ t trust them. You did all these things to protect yourself. So when you’re of f your medication and feeling that way , you can’ t trust anybody , it’ s very upsetting and it’ s confusing because you know that it’ s not really what’ s going on here. But you feel it. It has something to do with why you were missing your medicine. It’s because you were distracted. You probably weren’ t thinking about it, I would guess. And I guess it’ s more extreme like, how could you be so extreme and do the other thing, drive of f with the car? It’ s because you sort of felt like nobody cared about you. I’ll tell you this. I’m not disagreeing with you that that can sometimes happen with the medications, but I think that’ s a rare thing. I think the trust thing is much more related to your mood. When you’re not taking it, you feel really betray ed. Your body ’s chemistry actually changes a lot when you’re taking the medication, and that has an ef fect on your mood and your behavior . I’m really sorry to hear about you freezing in the rain like that with your son. I can’ t imagine.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "What do you take that for? Is that your arthritis? MOTHER: Thyroid." patient: "Oh, thyroid. FATHER: So you can see that has a play in the chemical whatever . So anyway , Mor gan and I are standing in the rain. We’re waiting for an hour or more. MOTHER: No, it wasn’ t an hour . It was 20 minutes. FATHER: Okay , then she says, “Oh, I’m around the side.” I go around and it’ s like, Walter, I love this woman, but what is she doing to me? When I trust her to leave with the car and she’ s going to leave poor Mor gan and I stranded in the rain. I still don’ t know what happened. She claims everything from, “Oh, I just wanted to walk into traffic and kill myself, but I changed my mind.” Do you want to say anything else about that? MOTHER: That’ s about the size of it." mental health assistant: "Are you feeling suicidal active? MOTHER: I was that day . It was like we had been starving for three days because we had no money . The money was coming in the day before Thanksgiving. It came in, we ran out, I wasn’ t feeling well, I felt really anxious, and I was out of my panic medicine. Then we go by Emily’ s office and she wants us to invite Devon to dinner and you know what’ s going on with that crap." patient: "Yeah, I heard. So she wants him back? MOTHER: Oh, my God, yes. FATHER: She’ s not sure, I don’ t think and he helps her move into this new apartment, which is smaller and that is nice, but she’ s doing well in her job. She interviewed at an ad agency by the computer , so she thinks she’ s going to get that job for more money . Go ahead. MOTHER: I was already upset from storming for three days. We were down to drinking water . That’ s what we were living on. And then the money came in and we went and bought groceries and things for Thanksgiving." ', 'therapist_result': 'Are you eligible for food stamps? MOTHER: Mor gan gets them. They cut them because of the sequester , but they don’ t come in until the 1 1th. FATHER: And just as a side note, I finally navigated the health care thing, so we think, we’re prayerful that we’re going to get health care from this network thing, but it’ s always you’re waiting for something to happen. Sorry , Dora. Go ahead. MOTHER: So we go see Emily and she wants to have Devon and that just sent me into a panic, shaking all over , crying. MOTHER: Because I don’ t want to see that kid. He broke her heart and that made me nervous. Then he parks in the parking lot at the store and he parked in such a way that it was a little askew , so this woman who parks next to us comes out to try and get in her car and our car is too close to her car, so she starts yelling at me about the bad parking job. I’m like, “W ell I’m sorry . I didn’ t park the car , but I’ll be happy to move it.” So I get out, I go around, I get in the car , I back out . . . FATHER: Which she shouldn’ t have done. She should have just let the woman squeeze in her car . MOTHER: Oh, she was livid, though, this woman; and that set me of f again.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you've had a really difficult experience with your wife leaving you and your daughter stranded in the rain.  That sounds incredibly frustrating and upsetting.  Can you tell me more about what you were feeling at that moment? What thoughts went through your mind when you realized she wasn't where she said she would be?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . So, you’re feeling distressed, already having to wait for your daughter at soccer practice and then when you get there you’re delayed. You’re already aggravated by that, then your wife delays and delays and finally admits that she was so upset by a panic attack and thinking about being depressed, that she drove away and left you and your daughter at soccer practice and you know , you’re already upset when she says this. Your daughter’ s upset and she’ s worried, then she says, well, I didn’ t, you know , I thought about killing myself. I’m so depressed, but I changed my mind, but I’m really depressed. [00:25:24] So you’re upset and you’re worried and you’re pissed of f and you have to deal with your daughter , who’ s upset, and I think you’re describing that feeling, which is dif ferent than the event of your wife driving away . It’ s not the event, but rather the event of how you feel as stressful. It’ s not the event of the grocery store, but your distress when you’re in the grocery store, that I was talking about. It’ s more like the event of your wife saying I’m depressed and then driving away and then your description of being upset, being angry , being worried. It’ s your reaction to it, more than the event itself. That’ s what I mean by that.  And you know , I’m not sort of picking at this because I think it’ s unclear or something. I think the event and your reaction are both important. But it’ s because a lot of people come in here and it’ s like what’ s the event that’ s upsetting, what’ s the event that’ s causing the trouble and it’ s not an event. It’ s a lot of events or a single event that keeps on repeating or it’ s events that are in the past, but they’re not over . It’ s not a single event that has a direct and clear consequence and then there’ s a response to that, so I guess I’m a little wary of that sort of linear model of what happens.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Oh, thyroid. FATHER: So you can see that has a play in the chemical whatever . So anyway , Mor gan and I are standing in the rain. We’re waiting for an hour or more. MOTHER: No, it wasn’ t an hour . It was 20 minutes. FATHER: Okay , then she says, “Oh, I’m around the side.” I go around and it’ s like, Walter, I love this woman, but what is she doing to me? When I trust her to leave with the car and she’ s going to leave poor Mor gan and I stranded in the rain. I still don’ t know what happened. She claims everything from, “Oh, I just wanted to walk into traffic and kill myself, but I changed my mind.” Do you want to say anything else about that? MOTHER: That’ s about the size of it." patient: "Are you feeling suicidal active? MOTHER: I was that day . It was like we had been starving for three days because we had no money . The money was coming in the day before Thanksgiving. It came in, we ran out, I wasn’ t feeling well, I felt really anxious, and I was out of my panic medicine. Then we go by Emily’ s office and she wants us to invite Devon to dinner and you know what’ s going on with that crap." mental health assistant: "Yeah, I heard. So she wants him back? MOTHER: Oh, my God, yes. FATHER: She’ s not sure, I don’ t think and he helps her move into this new apartment, which is smaller and that is nice, but she’ s doing well in her job. She interviewed at an ad agency by the computer , so she thinks she’ s going to get that job for more money . Go ahead. MOTHER: I was already upset from storming for three days. We were down to drinking water . That’ s what we were living on. And then the money came in and we went and bought groceries and things for Thanksgiving." patient: "Are you eligible for food stamps? MOTHER: Mor gan gets them. They cut them because of the sequester , but they don’ t come in until the 1 1th. FATHER: And just as a side note, I finally navigated the health care thing, so we think, we’re prayerful that we’re going to get health care from this network thing, but it’ s always you’re waiting for something to happen. Sorry , Dora. Go ahead. MOTHER: So we go see Emily and she wants to have Devon and that just sent me into a panic, shaking all over , crying. MOTHER: Because I don’ t want to see that kid. He broke her heart and that made me nervous. Then he parks in the parking lot at the store and he parked in such a way that it was a little askew , so this woman who parks next to us comes out to try and get in her car and our car is too close to her car, so she starts yelling at me about the bad parking job. I’m like, “W ell I’m sorry . I didn’ t park the car , but I’ll be happy to move it.” So I get out, I go around, I get in the car , I back out . . . FATHER: Which she shouldn’ t have done. She should have just let the woman squeeze in her car . MOTHER: Oh, she was livid, though, this woman; and that set me of f again." ', 'therapist_result': 'Right. It’ s hard to be yelled at. MOTHER: Really . I was already a nervous wreck for ten other reasons. FATHER: But also, too, I don’ t know if she is making this up, quite frankly , Walter, because right before . . . MOTHER: I told him I was really nervous that day . FATHER: What did you say right before I went in there? “Casey , take Mor gan away because I have to call somebody to talk about something.” MOTHER: I ran out of my Klonopin. FATHER: But it was more or less as I viewed it, a ruse. I’m always being played kind of, Walter. It’s like, “Go downstairs and get me this,” so she can pour wine in the room. I shouldn’ t feel this way , but I feel this way . It’s like I’m just a stooge.', 'base_result': "It sounds like you experienced a very stressful day, filled with a lot of upsetting events.  Let's try to unpack this. You mentioned feeling suicidal that day.  Can you tell me more about what specifically made you feel that way? What thoughts and feelings were you experiencing at that moment?  It’s okay to share as much or as little as you feel comfortable with.  There's no pressure.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay , but that’ s mostly , mostly about the other person and some of it is more about you. You’re always worried about money and I think it’ s probably about your childhood as well. What happens in your childhood when you’re worried about money , when you don’ t have money , is that always the case?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Are you feeling suicidal active? MOTHER: I was that day . It was like we had been starving for three days because we had no money . The money was coming in the day before Thanksgiving. It came in, we ran out, I wasn’ t feeling well, I felt really anxious, and I was out of my panic medicine. Then we go by Emily’ s office and she wants us to invite Devon to dinner and you know what’ s going on with that crap." patient: "Yeah, I heard. So she wants him back? MOTHER: Oh, my God, yes. FATHER: She’ s not sure, I don’ t think and he helps her move into this new apartment, which is smaller and that is nice, but she’ s doing well in her job. She interviewed at an ad agency by the computer , so she thinks she’ s going to get that job for more money . Go ahead. MOTHER: I was already upset from storming for three days. We were down to drinking water . That’ s what we were living on. And then the money came in and we went and bought groceries and things for Thanksgiving." mental health assistant: "Are you eligible for food stamps? MOTHER: Mor gan gets them. They cut them because of the sequester , but they don’ t come in until the 1 1th. FATHER: And just as a side note, I finally navigated the health care thing, so we think, we’re prayerful that we’re going to get health care from this network thing, but it’ s always you’re waiting for something to happen. Sorry , Dora. Go ahead. MOTHER: So we go see Emily and she wants to have Devon and that just sent me into a panic, shaking all over , crying. MOTHER: Because I don’ t want to see that kid. He broke her heart and that made me nervous. Then he parks in the parking lot at the store and he parked in such a way that it was a little askew , so this woman who parks next to us comes out to try and get in her car and our car is too close to her car, so she starts yelling at me about the bad parking job. I’m like, “W ell I’m sorry . I didn’ t park the car , but I’ll be happy to move it.” So I get out, I go around, I get in the car , I back out . . . FATHER: Which she shouldn’ t have done. She should have just let the woman squeeze in her car . MOTHER: Oh, she was livid, though, this woman; and that set me of f again." patient: "Right. It’ s hard to be yelled at. MOTHER: Really . I was already a nervous wreck for ten other reasons. FATHER: But also, too, I don’ t know if she is making this up, quite frankly , Walter, because right before . . . MOTHER: I told him I was really nervous that day . FATHER: What did you say right before I went in there? “Casey , take Mor gan away because I have to call somebody to talk about something.” MOTHER: I ran out of my Klonopin. FATHER: But it was more or less as I viewed it, a ruse. I’m always being played kind of, Walter. It’s like, “Go downstairs and get me this,” so she can pour wine in the room. I shouldn’ t feel this way , but I feel this way . It’s like I’m just a stooge." ', 'therapist_result': 'I don’ t know what the two of you are going to do about this. I mean without trust. MOTHER: So anyway , to make a long story short, I go around and the traffic in that parking lot is miserable so it takes me like ten minutes just to get around the parking lot so I can park on the side so when they came out they would be under an awning and they wouldn’ t have to walk in the rain because we were parked really far . Once this woman quits her tirade on me, I parked the car and I’m thinking to myself, “There is no point in my living any more. I’m going to go step in front of a bus.”', 'base_result': 'It sounds like you experienced a really overwhelming and stressful day, and I want to acknowledge how difficult that must have been.  It makes perfect sense that you\'d feel this way after everything you went through.\n\nLet\'s unpack some of this. You mentioned feeling anxious and running out of your Klonopin.  Can you tell me more about how that felt physically and emotionally? What were some of the specific anxieties you were experiencing?  It\'s understandable to feel panicked when you don\'t have access to your medication, especially when you\'re already feeling overwhelmed.\n\nYou also mentioned the financial stress of being low on money and the subsequent relief of receiving it, only to have more stressful events unfold.  That\'s a lot to handle in one day.  What was it like experiencing that shift from relief to intense stress so quickly?  It sounds incredibly jarring.\n\nThen there was the situation with Emily and Devon, and the added pressure of the parking incident.  It sounds like you were already extremely vulnerable, and the additional stress of the confrontation pushed you over the edge.  Can you describe how the yelling made you feel? What thoughts were going through your head at that moment?  It\'s completely valid to feel upset and frustrated when someone yells at you, especially in a situation that wasn\'t entirely your fault.\n\nFinally, your father expressed feeling used and manipulated.  It’s important to acknowledge that feeling.  Can you tell me more about those situations where you felt manipulated and what that experience was like for you? What specific events made you feel like a "stooge"?  It\'s okay to feel that way, and it\'s important to understand why you feel this way so we can explore ways to address these feelings.\n\nI want to make it clear that none of what you\'ve described is your fault. You\'ve experienced a series of incredibly stressful events, and it\'s natural to feel overwhelmed and react emotionally.  Let\'s explore some strategies to help you manage these situations in the future.  We can talk about coping mechanisms for anxiety, ways to communicate your needs more effectively, and strategies for setting boundaries.  What are some things you think might help you feel better?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Well, I think it could have been a variety of reasons why it felt necessary to do that. One is that she was af raid you’d hear and I think it is a violation in some way , in some sense, to you to hear that conversation while it was happening, particularly given the state that you were in. I think she probably also was quite vulnerable in the context of your relationship together and she may not have wanted you to see that side of her.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Right. It’ s hard to be yelled at. MOTHER: Really . I was already a nervous wreck for ten other reasons. FATHER: But also, too, I don’ t know if she is making this up, quite frankly , Walter, because right before . . . MOTHER: I told him I was really nervous that day . FATHER: What did you say right before I went in there? “Casey , take Mor gan away because I have to call somebody to talk about something.” MOTHER: I ran out of my Klonopin. FATHER: But it was more or less as I viewed it, a ruse. I’m always being played kind of, Walter. It’s like, “Go downstairs and get me this,” so she can pour wine in the room. I shouldn’ t feel this way , but I feel this way . It’s like I’m just a stooge." patient: "I don’ t know what the two of you are going to do about this. I mean without trust. MOTHER: So anyway , to make a long story short, I go around and the traffic in that parking lot is miserable so it takes me like ten minutes just to get around the parking lot so I can park on the side so when they came out they would be under an awning and they wouldn’ t have to walk in the rain because we were parked really far . Once this woman quits her tirade on me, I parked the car and I’m thinking to myself, “There is no point in my living any more. I’m going to go step in front of a bus.”" mental health assistant: "But we should talk about that. MOTHER: And then I chickened out. I couldn’ t do it." patient: "You’re not going to do it? MOTHER: No. I’m a chicken." ', 'therapist_result': 'You know what would be the ef fect on the kids, right? MOTHER: I know . I know . FATHER: Even if she hated me so much, it’ s like Mor gan in the rain? What? MOTHER: I wasn’ t thinking. I just wasn’ t thinking. It was a horrible thing to do.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling incredibly overwhelmed by what's happening between your parents, and you're worried about them, and perhaps also worried about your own well-being.  Your mom’s statement about wanting to step in front of a bus is especially concerning.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically worries you the most about your parents' situation?  What are you feeling right now as you think about it all?  There's no right or wrong answer; it's okay to feel however you feel.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'It’ s okay . I mean, the way I feel about this is that when you start getting into the car and driving and the traffic is bad and you start thinking, “This is it. I’m just going to drive into a truck. I don’ t want to live any more,” that you are incredibly distressed. You are in a lot of pain. You’re feeling depressed. You’re feeling suicidal. There is a part of you that wants to die. I don’ t know if you’re going to kill yourself. That’ s why I think it’ s important for us to talk about this. But the reality is, as I’m sitting here with you, you’re not dead. You’re here. I mean I’m not sure what you’re going to do and I know this is an incredibly difficult time. I’m here to help you.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But we should talk about that. MOTHER: And then I chickened out. I couldn’ t do it." patient: "You’re not going to do it? MOTHER: No. I’m a chicken." mental health assistant: "You know what would be the ef fect on the kids, right? MOTHER: I know . I know . FATHER: Even if she hated me so much, it’ s like Mor gan in the rain? What? MOTHER: I wasn’ t thinking. I just wasn’ t thinking. It was a horrible thing to do." patient: "He doesn’ t know you thought it? MOTHER: No. And he can’ t know . MOTHER: And none of the kids can know ." ', 'therapist_result': 'No, of course not. FATHER: So it’ s a snake pit, Walter. It’s like her , she can’ t cope, it’ s medicine, it’ s everything, it’ s Gordon in the basement violent. When is this going to happen? When is he going to be arrested? And we’re always under constant fear and you’ve got to watch what you say to him or else he flies of f the handle and is violent. We’re introduced now to these people and I was up front. I said that’ s who we’re seeing. We’re seeing these people. I’m sorry , but you know . I thought it was a good thing for him to know that people are aware of us, in case he tries to freaking beat us up, excuse my French. It’ s like hey , people are aware of this situation. I don’ t know what else to do, Walter, because I can’ t fend him of f. I wouldn’ t be able to fend him of f on a good day .', 'base_result': 'Okay, so it sounds like you\'re feeling a lot of guilt and anxiety about something you didn\'t do.  Can you tell me more about what "it" was that you almost did, and why you ultimately decided not to go through with it?  There\'s clearly a lot weighing on you, and I want to understand better what that feels like.  It sounds like you\'re worried about the impact on your kids – can you elaborate on those concerns? What specifically makes you fear they\'ll find out?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'So, there’s that, which is a disaster for them. You know , even if he couldn’ t stand me? Even if he hated me? Even if he wished I’d go away? Even if that was true, he would still, I think, with his personality , have a very hard time dealing with it. But it would be an entirely dif ferent thing than not talking about it, right? That’ s what I’m trying to get at.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You’re not going to do it? MOTHER: No. I’m a chicken." patient: "You know what would be the ef fect on the kids, right? MOTHER: I know . I know . FATHER: Even if she hated me so much, it’ s like Mor gan in the rain? What? MOTHER: I wasn’ t thinking. I just wasn’ t thinking. It was a horrible thing to do." mental health assistant: "He doesn’ t know you thought it? MOTHER: No. And he can’ t know . MOTHER: And none of the kids can know ." patient: "No, of course not. FATHER: So it’ s a snake pit, Walter. It’s like her , she can’ t cope, it’ s medicine, it’ s everything, it’ s Gordon in the basement violent. When is this going to happen? When is he going to be arrested? And we’re always under constant fear and you’ve got to watch what you say to him or else he flies of f the handle and is violent. We’re introduced now to these people and I was up front. I said that’ s who we’re seeing. We’re seeing these people. I’m sorry , but you know . I thought it was a good thing for him to know that people are aware of us, in case he tries to freaking beat us up, excuse my French. It’ s like hey , people are aware of this situation. I don’ t know what else to do, Walter, because I can’ t fend him of f. I wouldn’ t be able to fend him of f on a good day ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Would you all do the police at this point if it became violent? MOTHER: He would never for give us. Never . He would never for give us. FATHER: Also, too, between you and I, if I have a speck of weed in the house, he’ s going to say , “Oh, my father smokes. Go upstairs. There’ s a roach in his ashtray .” Do you know what I mean? Pathetic, but Walter, I’m not going to let that come between my freaking health and well-being of Dora. If it’ s like we’re going to be killed and I have a threat of that, I don’ t care.', 'base_result': 'Okay, I hear you saying you’re feeling overwhelmed and scared.  It sounds like living with this constant fear of violence is incredibly stressful.  You mentioned wanting to be upfront with people about the situation as a safety measure. That takes a lot of courage. Can you tell me more about what that feels like for you – to be so open about such a difficult situation?\n\nAnd you mentioned feeling unable to protect yourself.  It\'s understandable that you would feel that way given what you\'ve described. Can you tell me more about what makes you feel you can\'t fend him off?  What are your specific concerns?\n\nIt also sounds like your wife is struggling intensely. You’ve described her as feeling overwhelmed, and you’re clearly worried about the impact of all this on your children. That must be incredibly difficult to carry. What thoughts are going through your mind about the impact on your family?\n\nFinally, you mentioned the "snake pit" feeling.  That’s a powerful image, and it tells me the whole situation feels chaotic and dangerous.  What specifically contributes to that feeling of being trapped in a “snake pit”?  What parts of this situation feel the most overwhelming right now?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I’m not sure how much this is true, but I’ll say it anyway . I don’ t think you would’ve had a very hard time making the decision to separate under any circumstances or even if you knew , had known for a while, like six months, nine months. I don’ t think that under any circumstances it would’ve been easy but it would’ve been a lot easier and I think you would’ve been more certain of the right decision to make. What’ s hard, I think, is your lack of control, the constant surprise, the instability of the situation. I mean it’ s not just for you, it’s for the kids, too. They have a hard time, I imagine, settling into any kind of routine or being able to predict. I mean it’ s not that you’re going to be with their dad tomorrow or even next month but you’re not with him now. There is no closure to it, I don’ t think.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "No, of course not. FATHER: So it’ s a snake pit, Walter. It’s like her , she can’ t cope, it’ s medicine, it’ s everything, it’ s Gordon in the basement violent. When is this going to happen? When is he going to be arrested? And we’re always under constant fear and you’ve got to watch what you say to him or else he flies of f the handle and is violent. We’re introduced now to these people and I was up front. I said that’ s who we’re seeing. We’re seeing these people. I’m sorry , but you know . I thought it was a good thing for him to know that people are aware of us, in case he tries to freaking beat us up, excuse my French. It’ s like hey , people are aware of this situation. I don’ t know what else to do, Walter, because I can’ t fend him of f. I wouldn’ t be able to fend him of f on a good day ." patient: "Would you all do the police at this point if it became violent? MOTHER: He would never for give us. Never . He would never for give us. FATHER: Also, too, between you and I, if I have a speck of weed in the house, he’ s going to say , “Oh, my father smokes. Go upstairs. There’ s a roach in his ashtray .” Do you know what I mean? Pathetic, but Walter, I’m not going to let that come between my freaking health and well-being of Dora. If it’ s like we’re going to be killed and I have a threat of that, I don’ t care." mental health assistant: "Could you have it more hidden? FATHER: It’ s totally hidden. It’ s totally hidden. I’m from the ‘60’ s. I’m very shy  about that stuf f. Are we being recorded? Hello! Hello! I used to drive around in the ‘60’ s with my best friend, who I’m still friends with, and we’re writing this play . There would be a police officer following us and I’d be swallowing whatever . I’m an old hat at this.  I just want to be mellow and I want her to be mellow .  I try to induce that with her and sometimes she’ s very accepting and we watch a soap together and we have a lot of fun and we enjoy our lives. But then he comes up, menacing, looking out the window , and it’ s like, “I guess we had better go upstairs now and retreat. MOTHER: He just makes me a nervous wreck. He walks into the room and I start shaking like Jell-O. FATHER: He makes bacon every day and reeks the house up with that. If we buy turkey bacon he complains. MOTHER: He has a fit. FATHER: This is what we’re dealing with. It’ s just like grow the F up; get a life. MOTHER: He’ll kill you. FATHER: You can’ t tell him that, I know . But when though, Walter?" patient: "I don’ t know , Casey . That’ s the problem. FATHER: I know you said sometimes it could be just –  boom you wake up and he’ll wake up and he suddenly gets it." ', 'therapist_result': 'Right. FATHER: But if it doesn’ t happen, what are we going to do? Okay , we’re going to go to these things and thank God for you. Thank God for you, Walter.  We’re going to try to give him cigarettes and whatever when he needs it, but is this it? Is this all there is? Is there going to be an end game where somehow something blocks him? MOTHER: We’re going to try . FATHER: We’re trying. That’ s the big deal. That’ s another thing that’ s hanging over our heads. We need to see a banker to try to do that.', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're in a very difficult and frightening situation, and I want to acknowledge how incredibly stressful that must be.  The fear you're experiencing is completely understandable given what you've described.  You've said you don't know when things might escalate, and that uncertainty is a huge burden to carry.  Can you tell me more about what makes you feel most afraid? Is there a specific pattern or trigger you've noticed that precedes violent or threatening behavior?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'But I think that’ s because I think you’re haunted, you’re both of you, by that story about him and his father , by the sort of intensity of his father ’s abandonment and rejection, by the intensity of his father ’s emotional availability . And I think that there’ s something about that that sits underneath, even if it’ s not conscious, that gives this sort of –  that gives it this, “I don’ t know when it’ s going to happen, but it is always possible,” sort of intensity .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Would you all do the police at this point if it became violent? MOTHER: He would never for give us. Never . He would never for give us. FATHER: Also, too, between you and I, if I have a speck of weed in the house, he’ s going to say , “Oh, my father smokes. Go upstairs. There’ s a roach in his ashtray .” Do you know what I mean? Pathetic, but Walter, I’m not going to let that come between my freaking health and well-being of Dora. If it’ s like we’re going to be killed and I have a threat of that, I don’ t care." patient: "Could you have it more hidden? FATHER: It’ s totally hidden. It’ s totally hidden. I’m from the ‘60’ s. I’m very shy  about that stuf f. Are we being recorded? Hello! Hello! I used to drive around in the ‘60’ s with my best friend, who I’m still friends with, and we’re writing this play . There would be a police officer following us and I’d be swallowing whatever . I’m an old hat at this.  I just want to be mellow and I want her to be mellow .  I try to induce that with her and sometimes she’ s very accepting and we watch a soap together and we have a lot of fun and we enjoy our lives. But then he comes up, menacing, looking out the window , and it’ s like, “I guess we had better go upstairs now and retreat. MOTHER: He just makes me a nervous wreck. He walks into the room and I start shaking like Jell-O. FATHER: He makes bacon every day and reeks the house up with that. If we buy turkey bacon he complains. MOTHER: He has a fit. FATHER: This is what we’re dealing with. It’ s just like grow the F up; get a life. MOTHER: He’ll kill you. FATHER: You can’ t tell him that, I know . But when though, Walter?" mental health assistant: "I don’ t know , Casey . That’ s the problem. FATHER: I know you said sometimes it could be just –  boom you wake up and he’ll wake up and he suddenly gets it." patient: "Right. FATHER: But if it doesn’ t happen, what are we going to do? Okay , we’re going to go to these things and thank God for you. Thank God for you, Walter.  We’re going to try to give him cigarettes and whatever when he needs it, but is this it? Is this all there is? Is there going to be an end game where somehow something blocks him? MOTHER: We’re going to try . FATHER: We’re trying. That’ s the big deal. That’ s another thing that’ s hanging over our heads. We need to see a banker to try to do that." ', 'therapist_result': 'How would you get the money? Would you do a loan? MOTHER: I don’ t know if anybody would give us a loan. FATHER: I don’ t know . I’m not sure. I’m hoping that the economy is such and there are incentives out there that they’ll see that I have an income that’ s small from my pension and Mor gan’s income. I’m hoping I don’ t have to include Gordon in it because he’ll lord it over us and act like he’ s the owner .', 'base_result': 'It sounds like you and your parents are facing a tremendously difficult and stressful situation with [patient\'s name]\'s behavior.  It\'s understandable that you\'re feeling overwhelmed and searching for answers.  You\'re clearly trying your best to manage this, and that\'s incredibly important.\n\nLet\'s explore some of what\'s happening. You mentioned the fear of violence and the current strategies you’re employing, like hiding things and appeasing [patient\'s name].  Can you tell me more about what it feels like to live with this constant tension and fear?  What are the specific moments that are the most frightening or distressing?\n\nYour father mentioned the possibility of a sudden change in [patient\'s name]\'s behavior, a kind of "boom" moment where things might improve.  But you\'re also acknowledging the reality that this might not happen. That uncertainty must be incredibly draining.  What are your biggest concerns about the future if things don\'t change? What are your hopes?\n\nYou’re also talking about seeking financial help to potentially address the situation.  It\'s great that you’re proactively looking for solutions, even if it feels like a daunting task.  Could you describe what you envision this financial assistance accomplishing in terms of managing the situation with [patient\'s name]?  What kind of support are you hoping to gain from a banker or other financial professionals?\n\nFinally, you mentioned trying to appease [patient\'s name] with cigarettes and other things.  What are your feelings about using these strategies?  Do they feel effective, or are there times when they feel like they’re not working or even making things worse?  How do these strategies make you feel about your own role in this situation?\n\nRemember, it\'s okay to feel overwhelmed, scared, and frustrated.  These are completely valid feelings given the circumstances. Taking the time to explore these feelings and the situation more fully can help you develop coping strategies and find ways to better navigate this challenging time. We can work together to find ways to manage your stress and explore what other supports might be helpful.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I’m thinking a little bit about the metaphor you used. It sounds like a pretty important question for you –  is there going to be an end game or is this the reality? – and I was thinking a little bit about the way that you were describing it, that you feel like you’ re playing this game. Is it possible that, in a way , the question of whether there’ s going to be an end game is a way of putting it more out there or more into reality than actually dealing with what it means that this could be the reality? I’m not so much worried that it’ s going to be a bad thing that this is the reality; I’m more so thinking that it is still abstract. It’ s still a game, rather than what does it mean to be living this way? How does that feel? How does it feel to be you? What does it feel like to be Elaine? What does it feel like to be living in this kind of threat?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Could you have it more hidden? FATHER: It’ s totally hidden. It’ s totally hidden. I’m from the ‘60’ s. I’m very shy  about that stuf f. Are we being recorded? Hello! Hello! I used to drive around in the ‘60’ s with my best friend, who I’m still friends with, and we’re writing this play . There would be a police officer following us and I’d be swallowing whatever . I’m an old hat at this.  I just want to be mellow and I want her to be mellow .  I try to induce that with her and sometimes she’ s very accepting and we watch a soap together and we have a lot of fun and we enjoy our lives. But then he comes up, menacing, looking out the window , and it’ s like, “I guess we had better go upstairs now and retreat. MOTHER: He just makes me a nervous wreck. He walks into the room and I start shaking like Jell-O. FATHER: He makes bacon every day and reeks the house up with that. If we buy turkey bacon he complains. MOTHER: He has a fit. FATHER: This is what we’re dealing with. It’ s just like grow the F up; get a life. MOTHER: He’ll kill you. FATHER: You can’ t tell him that, I know . But when though, Walter?" patient: "I don’ t know , Casey . That’ s the problem. FATHER: I know you said sometimes it could be just –  boom you wake up and he’ll wake up and he suddenly gets it." mental health assistant: "Right. FATHER: But if it doesn’ t happen, what are we going to do? Okay , we’re going to go to these things and thank God for you. Thank God for you, Walter.  We’re going to try to give him cigarettes and whatever when he needs it, but is this it? Is this all there is? Is there going to be an end game where somehow something blocks him? MOTHER: We’re going to try . FATHER: We’re trying. That’ s the big deal. That’ s another thing that’ s hanging over our heads. We need to see a banker to try to do that." patient: "How would you get the money? Would you do a loan? MOTHER: I don’ t know if anybody would give us a loan. FATHER: I don’ t know . I’m not sure. I’m hoping that the economy is such and there are incentives out there that they’ll see that I have an income that’ s small from my pension and Mor gan’s income. I’m hoping I don’ t have to include Gordon in it because he’ll lord it over us and act like he’ s the owner ." ', 'therapist_result': 'He doesn’ t have any money , does he? FATHER: Not really , no. He doesn’ t even have a job. MOTHER: And he won’ t get one. FATHER: This is also just a scapegoat not to get a job. “Oh, I don’ t want to be behind a desk.”  Okay . What do you think? People are just going to pay you to hang out and go to a 7-1 1 and buy packs of cigarettes? As his brother has called it, as my sister Lorelai has called it, totally delusional. So what do you do?', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're facing a really challenging situation with your family, and I want to acknowledge how stressful and overwhelming that must feel.  It's understandable that you're unsure about how to proceed with securing the necessary funds.\n\nLet's try to break this down. You're concerned about how to get the money needed, and you're worried about involving Gordon because of his potential reaction.  Can you tell me more about what this money is for?  Knowing the purpose might help us explore different options.\n\nAlso, you mentioned a loan as a possibility. What are your feelings about that idea? What are your concerns about applying for a loan, aside from Gordon's involvement? What other options have you considered, or perhaps even briefly dismissed?  \n\nIt's brave of you to seek help and talk about this.  You're already demonstrating a proactive approach by considering solutions, even if they feel daunting right now.  We can work together to explore these options further and help you find a path forward. Remember, it's okay to feel uncertain and overwhelmed in this situation.  What's one small step you could take today to move forward, even if it's just researching loan options or talking to a financial advisor?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . You said last week about the smoking that there was so much more he’ s been noticing with you than smoking. There’ s a lot going on. We talked about, oh, that’ s your usual way . You deflect. You don’ t talk about what’ s harder , what’ s tougher , what’ s scarier . You say , oh, well, smoking, that’ s the easier thing to talk about. It’ s very much the way you’ve been with your wife, too, isn’ t it? It’ s a lot for both of you to be smoking. I guess I’m a little confused. You said something about that, I thought , okay , you’re deflecting a little bit, which I think a lot of us do, I do it, all of us do it. But it’ s not really about smoking. It’ s about a lot of other things and then you said it was harder , it was tougher . I’m not sure why you would smoke if it was harder . It’ s harder to not smoke?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I don’ t know , Casey . That’ s the problem. FATHER: I know you said sometimes it could be just –  boom you wake up and he’ll wake up and he suddenly gets it." patient: "Right. FATHER: But if it doesn’ t happen, what are we going to do? Okay , we’re going to go to these things and thank God for you. Thank God for you, Walter.  We’re going to try to give him cigarettes and whatever when he needs it, but is this it? Is this all there is? Is there going to be an end game where somehow something blocks him? MOTHER: We’re going to try . FATHER: We’re trying. That’ s the big deal. That’ s another thing that’ s hanging over our heads. We need to see a banker to try to do that." mental health assistant: "How would you get the money? Would you do a loan? MOTHER: I don’ t know if anybody would give us a loan. FATHER: I don’ t know . I’m not sure. I’m hoping that the economy is such and there are incentives out there that they’ll see that I have an income that’ s small from my pension and Mor gan’s income. I’m hoping I don’ t have to include Gordon in it because he’ll lord it over us and act like he’ s the owner ." patient: "He doesn’ t have any money , does he? FATHER: Not really , no. He doesn’ t even have a job. MOTHER: And he won’ t get one. FATHER: This is also just a scapegoat not to get a job. “Oh, I don’ t want to be behind a desk.”  Okay . What do you think? People are just going to pay you to hang out and go to a 7-1 1 and buy packs of cigarettes? As his brother has called it, as my sister Lorelai has called it, totally delusional. So what do you do?" ', 'therapist_result': 'And Thanksgiving with the kids there, was it at all normal or it just felt completely crazy? MOTHER: I tried really hard. I had no motivation for Thanksgiving. I didn’ t even care, but I tried – right, Casey? I stood on my feet all day long in the kitchen cooking. I didn’ t even sit down because I kept having to serve. He helped me a lot. FATHER: We tried to cobble it together because Brett came with his girlfriend. Emily came with Devon MOTHER: Oh, and Devon came early . FATHER: Yes. Emily came with Devon and Gordon tried. I asked him to please submer ge this whole Bruce Jeffries thing for the day . He almost couldn’ t and I said, “Gordon, remember you promised?” and then he stopped. MOTHER: But then as soon as everybody left he got on the phone and started in again. FATHER: It started again. He gets down on the phone and we think he’ s on the phone – and sometimes he is – but sometimes he’ s just talking into a phone so he can collect his thoughts or because people are listening in.', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're feeling a lot of frustration and uncertainty right now, and that's completely understandable given the situation with your brother.  You're grappling with the possibility that there isn't a quick fix, and you're worried about the financial burden and the impact your brother's behavior is having on your family.  Can you tell me more about what specifically feels most overwhelming at this moment? Is it the financial aspect, the lack of a clear solution for your brother's situation, or something else entirely?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'So I think the next –  There’ s two things. The next thing I think it might be good to do is for us to talk to a banker . It may not be a good idea to go to Chase bank where you have accounts, because your banker there may know you and know about your situation and it may get back to Gordon, who seems to know all there is to know about everything.  So it may be a good idea to go to some place where you don’ t have accounts, get some anonymity , go to some small local bank or credit union, something like that, and talk to them and say , you know , “I have this income from my pension. I have this income from my son’ s employment. He doesn’ t have credit. I need to pay them back over this amount of time and I need this much to settle it all up. Do you have a loan like that? Wecan do something like that?” It may be hard with your credit history , but it’ s worth a shot.  I don’ t know how soon you think you can pay it back. How soon are you going to start –'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "He doesn’ t have any money , does he? FATHER: Not really , no. He doesn’ t even have a job. MOTHER: And he won’ t get one. FATHER: This is also just a scapegoat not to get a job. “Oh, I don’ t want to be behind a desk.”  Okay . What do you think? People are just going to pay you to hang out and go to a 7-1 1 and buy packs of cigarettes? As his brother has called it, as my sister Lorelai has called it, totally delusional. So what do you do?" patient: "And Thanksgiving with the kids there, was it at all normal or it just felt completely crazy? MOTHER: I tried really hard. I had no motivation for Thanksgiving. I didn’ t even care, but I tried – right, Casey? I stood on my feet all day long in the kitchen cooking. I didn’ t even sit down because I kept having to serve. He helped me a lot. FATHER: We tried to cobble it together because Brett came with his girlfriend. Emily came with Devon MOTHER: Oh, and Devon came early . FATHER: Yes. Emily came with Devon and Gordon tried. I asked him to please submer ge this whole Bruce Jeffries thing for the day . He almost couldn’ t and I said, “Gordon, remember you promised?” and then he stopped. MOTHER: But then as soon as everybody left he got on the phone and started in again. FATHER: It started again. He gets down on the phone and we think he’ s on the phone – and sometimes he is – but sometimes he’ s just talking into a phone so he can collect his thoughts or because people are listening in." mental health assistant: "He needs medication. MOTHER: I know ." patient: "I know . I know . We all know it. We all know it. I know . FATHER: I don’ t know what to do, Walter. And to think that we’ll just 302 him or this – it’ s not easy ." ', 'therapist_result': 'No, it’ s not easy . You have to have FATHER: If he comes home and there are cops standing there, he’ll kill us when he gets out of wherever they put him. He will literally think in his mind the whole time, fake that he’ s well, come home, and kill us. This is the kind of terror we live in. And Walter, I try to stand up to him, but as I’ve told you before in my weeping, I’m an', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're carrying a heavy load right now, dealing with a lot of family stress and uncertainty.  That must be incredibly difficult.  Can you tell me more about what specifically feels the most overwhelming for you right now?  Is it the concern about your brother's lack of employment and seemingly delusional behavior, the strain of family gatherings, or something else entirely?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I know , I know , I know , I know . I’m just saying it because it’ s the truth, and I know it’ s hard. I’m just saying I know , I know , I know , I know .  He needs a little bit of work-up from his cardiologist to make sure he doesn’ t have any kind of arrhythmias and then probably just needs to be on a low dose and it’ s likely he’ll stay on it the rest of his life. Um, and then he’ll be okay .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I know . FATHER: And the constant that “we ruined his life.” We’ve talked to you about this before." patient: "Law school and the whole works. FATHER: I’ve ruined his life. I made him go to Pratt or something. I lost my job. I should have been paying for him and this and nobody else has told me this but him, okay? I guess I’m the scapegoat." mental health assistant: "Mor gan also feels that he may also sort of be, by supporting your decision about Geor gia, he feels a little guilty about his role in that. FATHER: Well he shouldn’ t." patient: "I know that he shouldn’ t. I said he’ s the young adult, he’ s not the parent. FATHER: Half of me thinks that if we could get that – apparently that house is still there. MOTHER: Yeah, but it’ s not ours. FATHER: But it’ s not ours." ', 'therapist_result': 'The one in Geor gia? MOTHER: I’m never going back there. FATHER: No, I know . She’d never . . . never mind. MOTHER: It was a dumb move to begin with. We should have stayed right here. FATHER: But it was beautiful and we did get some acting gigs for a little while.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling a lot of pressure and possibly being blamed for things that are outside your control.  You mentioned feeling like a scapegoat. Can you tell me more about what that feels like?  What specific situations make you feel that way?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah. I’m not sure if this is – if you’re on board with this or not. I don’ t hear you saying that you feel guilty to him for – like you feel to yourself, I can imagine you feel guilty to yourself. I don’ t know if you’ve ever said this out loud and really meant it. I wonder – I’m just wondering – this is just an idea, that I wonder if part of what’ s up with Grayson, even though it’ s not your fault and it’ s not his fault, is an attempt to kind of have a little – a speck, an ounce of, I don’ t know , of what you are feeling that –'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah, yeah. I know . FATHER: No, I love that stuf f." patient: "Nothing up here at all, though? Nothing like that. Except for your singing. FATHER: Singing. I’m doing that. I’m going to record with my friend who is coming up." mental health assistant: "And you’re writing a play? FATHER: I’m finishing a play so we’ll probably do some excerpts from that. I’ve known him since the fifth grade." patient: "Dora what are you doing to keep some sanity? MOTHER: I watch him watch TV." ', 'therapist_result': 'You’re not getting out at all. You have no friends at this point. MOTHER: An old friend from the old neighborhood called to see if I wanted to go to lunch with the ladies. We we’d go to lunch together . Then there was another lady who went so it was a riot. It was like the U.N. We’d go dutch to lunch maybe twice a month. Then we moved away and then Maria called me and said, ‘W e want to go to lunch again now that you are back.” But she hasn’ t called me.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like things are feeling a little… chaotic right now.  That must be really tough.  Can you tell me more about what's making you feel that way? What specifically about your father's activities and your mother's coping mechanism is impacting your sense of sanity?  It sounds like there's a lot going on.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay , so it’s a little hard to tease apart a bit the extent to which this is an answer to my question. So one way to view it is, “Bob, I’m not really doing anything except singing and writing a play . And those are both creative and fun and engaging, but not in a sense of dealing with your emotional distress.” That’s one possibility . I also wonder if perhaps the other aspect of your answer is a bit of a tendency to turn away from or be less aware of or avoid the extent to which you are engaging in this emotional realm, too. So, in that sense, I have the sense that you’re doing quite a lot, but perhaps not being as fully aware of that as you are. I’m going to stop there. It seems like we have quite a lot we can talk about.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You’re not getting out at all. You have no friends at this point. MOTHER: An old friend from the old neighborhood called to see if I wanted to go to lunch with the ladies. We we’d go to lunch together . Then there was another lady who went so it was a riot. It was like the U.N. We’d go dutch to lunch maybe twice a month. Then we moved away and then Maria called me and said, ‘W e want to go to lunch again now that you are back.” But she hasn’ t called me." patient: "Can you follow up on that, though? MOTHER: Yeah, she’ll call me." mental health assistant: "Okay . I think it would be very good for you. MOTHER: To go out with the ladies?" patient: "Yeah. FATHER: As long as she doesn’ t come back bombed. That’ s the only thing I worry about." ', 'therapist_result': 'I know . Has the drinking been . . ? MOTHER: Under control. That’ s what I’m asking. What’ s your honest opinion, Casey? FATHER: I think she drinks too much. I think she needs it too much and I think she relies on it too much. I don’ t think there’ s a problem with her having a little bit, but I do think keeping it more under wraps better than having it out in the open because it is a draw for Gordon to say , “Oh, there’ s my drunken mother . Let me beat her up.” I do think, first of all, it’ s better that we once in a while get away from the TV, go upstairs and – there was the movie with Jackie Gleason and Paul Newman, The Hustler , where Jackie Gleason used to say in the middle of the match, “Excuse me for a second. I’m going to go in the other room and get some character .” And he freshened up or whatever .  It allows us to “get some character ,” mellow out, talk about what’ s going on, “okay , let’s make another attempt at watching TV downstairs.”', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling a bit frustrated and maybe even a little let down that Maria hasn't called yet, even though she said she would.  That's completely understandable.  It's natural to feel disappointed when someone says they'll do something and then don't follow through.\n\nCan you tell me a little more about how that makes you feel?  What are some of the specific emotions you're experiencing right now?  Is it mostly disappointment, or are there other feelings mixed in, like anger, sadness, or maybe even anxiety about the future?\n\nAnd what about the lunch outings themselves?  When you think about those times with the ladies, what comes to mind? What did you enjoy about those lunches? It sounds like they were a source of connection and fun.  \n\nYour father's concern is also something to consider.  It sounds like he's worried about your safety and well-being.  How does that make you feel – his concern, I mean? Does it make you feel supported, or does it add to the pressure you're already feeling?\n\nFinally,  let's think about this from a slightly different angle.  Even if Maria doesn't call, are there other ways you could connect with people socially?  What are some things you enjoy doing, and are there groups or activities you could join where you might meet new people with similar interests?  We can explore some options if you'd like.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'The more that you get to know people and to get to have experiences with people, especially people who are unlike, maybe, Jack, I’m thinking that you will become less and less willing to assume the worst or that people are going to be up to something that’ s bad. I think as you get to know people, you realize that’ s not the case and that people are all sorts of dif ferent.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Can you follow up on that, though? MOTHER: Yeah, she’ll call me." patient: "Okay . I think it would be very good for you. MOTHER: To go out with the ladies?" mental health assistant: "Yeah. FATHER: As long as she doesn’ t come back bombed. That’ s the only thing I worry about." patient: "I know . Has the drinking been . . ? MOTHER: Under control. That’ s what I’m asking. What’ s your honest opinion, Casey? FATHER: I think she drinks too much. I think she needs it too much and I think she relies on it too much. I don’ t think there’ s a problem with her having a little bit, but I do think keeping it more under wraps better than having it out in the open because it is a draw for Gordon to say , “Oh, there’ s my drunken mother . Let me beat her up.” I do think, first of all, it’ s better that we once in a while get away from the TV, go upstairs and – there was the movie with Jackie Gleason and Paul Newman, The Hustler , where Jackie Gleason used to say in the middle of the match, “Excuse me for a second. I’m going to go in the other room and get some character .” And he freshened up or whatever .  It allows us to “get some character ,” mellow out, talk about what’ s going on, “okay , let’s make another attempt at watching TV downstairs.”" ', 'therapist_result': 'Could you listen to music? FATHER: Yeah, we do. We do listen to some music. MOTHER: And the, God forbid, we should be up late watching TV or turn on the light. Gordon will scream, “Shut the fuck up, you fucking idiots. Go to bed.” FATHER: He calls us the worst names. MOTHER: “Y ou old assholes.” FATHER: I’m a loser; she’ s a drunk. The names he calls us is just horrible. MOTHER: Oh, it’ s horrible. FATHER: And it’ s kind of like, Walter, do you know what it takes for me to submer ge my ire? There’ s the juxtaposition of my ethnicity , hence forming a – do you know what I’m saying?', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're in a tough situation. Your parents have differing opinions on your drinking, and your father is particularly concerned about its potential connection to your relationship with Gordon.  \n\nBefore we dive into that, I want you to tell me more about how *you* feel about all of this.  What's your honest reaction to your father's concerns and your mother's more measured response?  What are you feeling right now as you process their words?  Don't worry about giving perfect answers; just tell me what comes to mind.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay .  Perhaps I can be a little pessimistic with you, a little devil’ s advocate, but I think it would be very good for you to get out more with friends and by yourself. I’m aware that you’re isolated and I think it’ s good. I think it would be very good for you. I think it would help you feel better and I think it would be good for your mental health to feel less isolated. And I think it would be good even if you don’ t have fun. I think it’ s good to just be doing something and it would make you feel less depressed and would help you feel closer to other people when you do do it.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Could you listen to music? FATHER: Yeah, we do. We do listen to some music. MOTHER: And the, God forbid, we should be up late watching TV or turn on the light. Gordon will scream, “Shut the fuck up, you fucking idiots. Go to bed.” FATHER: He calls us the worst names. MOTHER: “Y ou old assholes.” FATHER: I’m a loser; she’ s a drunk. The names he calls us is just horrible. MOTHER: Oh, it’ s horrible. FATHER: And it’ s kind of like, Walter, do you know what it takes for me to submer ge my ire? There’ s the juxtaposition of my ethnicity , hence forming a – do you know what I’m saying?" patient: "No, I can imagine. You must be enraged – both of you. FATHER: Well it’ s submer ged.  It’ s sort of like anyone else would fight back and say , “You’re calling me a loser? Are you looking at yourself? The degree that you have and your education and all of your studies and acting and everything, and we’re the losers?” We can’ t say that, but that’ s what we should say ." mental health assistant: "I know . It’s so incredibly circular here." patient: "I appreciate it, but I don’ t feel like I’m of fering much. FATHER: What other objective person who knows us so well and our family could we say anything to." ', 'therapist_result': 'I appreciate that. I just feel so bad for you guys. I look back at your life and I just think, “How could you guys have hit it this hard?” It’ s just mind-boggling to me when I go back five or six years. FATHER: I know . It’s amazing. Try to think of the fallout economically , too.', 'base_result': 'Okay, I hear your concern that you feel like you\'re not offering much help. That\'s understandable.  It sounds incredibly difficult to witness the pain your parents are experiencing, and to feel helpless in the face of such aggressive behavior from their son.  It sounds like you’re carrying a significant burden.\n\nCan you tell me more about what makes you feel like you\'re not offering enough?  What would "offering enough" look like to you in this situation?\n\nAnd, what are you feeling *right now* as you\'re processing this situation with your parents? Don\'t worry about finding the "right" answer; just share what comes to mind.\n\nIt\'s also brave of you to reach out and want to help your parents. It sounds like they’re really hurting, and being there for them, even if it feels like a small contribution, is significant.  Their frustration is palpable, particularly the father\'s struggle to articulate how he\'s managing his anger. What thoughts or feelings come up for you when you hear him struggle to explain the depth of his hurt and suppressed anger?  \n\nLet\'s explore what support *you* might need in this situation.  Dealing with family conflict like this can be very draining.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I don’ t want to over-interpret, but I’m struck by what you say .  There’ s a lot of [unintellig ible] , and you’re right I can’ t help much with that. I’m glad you feel good about my involvement in other ways, but I can’ t fix the family system, and I can’ t do anything about your work situation. I guess I’m wondering if that’ s not part of the problem, though, is that you’re kind of really mad at your family for doing this to you – which I’m sure you are – but somehow , you’re not doing much about it.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "No, I can imagine. You must be enraged – both of you. FATHER: Well it’ s submer ged.  It’ s sort of like anyone else would fight back and say , “You’re calling me a loser? Are you looking at yourself? The degree that you have and your education and all of your studies and acting and everything, and we’re the losers?” We can’ t say that, but that’ s what we should say ." patient: "I know . It’s so incredibly circular here." mental health assistant: "I appreciate it, but I don’ t feel like I’m of fering much. FATHER: What other objective person who knows us so well and our family could we say anything to." patient: "I appreciate that. I just feel so bad for you guys. I look back at your life and I just think, “How could you guys have hit it this hard?” It’ s just mind-boggling to me when I go back five or six years. FATHER: I know . It’s amazing. Try to think of the fallout economically , too." ', 'therapist_result': 'I know , but Gordon’ s mental illness. We all knew he was incredibly intense. He was always incredibly intense, but obviously this turn was a turn we weren’ t expecting. FATHER: No. I mean you could have expected it if you had anybody in the family that would have an issue like this, other than Mor gan’s disability , it would have been Gordon because he’ s so strange. But what’ s our strategy , Walter? I know we’re taking up too much time.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling a sense of despair and perhaps even helplessness watching your father grapple with this situation.  You\'re saying it feels "incredibly circular" and you\'re boggled by how much things have changed in just five or six years.  Can you tell me more about what makes it feel so circular? What aspects of the situation seem to keep repeating or going nowhere?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Ok, so economically it was a disaster . It’ s like saying, “I’m a loser I don’ t have a paid for education. I don’ t have an advanced degree. I don’ t have any money .” It’ s a little more than that. It’ s like saying, “I’m a loser because I don’ t have a paid for education. I was af fected so deeply by my family’ s dysfunction that I couldn’ t do the thing that I loved and I was very talented at, so I couldn’ t do that and also earn a living. And, in a very real way , I have to sort of carry the weight of the family dysfunction, not just emotionally but actually. So I’m poor because of it.”'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I appreciate it, but I don’ t feel like I’m of fering much. FATHER: What other objective person who knows us so well and our family could we say anything to." patient: "I appreciate that. I just feel so bad for you guys. I look back at your life and I just think, “How could you guys have hit it this hard?” It’ s just mind-boggling to me when I go back five or six years. FATHER: I know . It’s amazing. Try to think of the fallout economically , too." mental health assistant: "I know , but Gordon’ s mental illness. We all knew he was incredibly intense. He was always incredibly intense, but obviously this turn was a turn we weren’ t expecting. FATHER: No. I mean you could have expected it if you had anybody in the family that would have an issue like this, other than Mor gan’s disability , it would have been Gordon because he’ s so strange. But what’ s our strategy , Walter? I know we’re taking up too much time." patient: "No, no. FATHER: We’re going back there now . We’re going to go see those people next Monday ." ', 'therapist_result': 'You’re going to the Altrusa, I gather . FATHER: Yeah, I didn’ t make it last night but yes, I’m still doing the Altrusa. I sang at Mermaid; it was very good. I wanted to tell you what I sang; and make sure your dad knows what I sang. What did I sing, Dora, again? Do you know? MOTHER: Wildfire and Blackbird.', 'base_result': 'Okay, I hear you saying you feel terrible for your family, and that the current situation is hard to comprehend, especially looking back over the past five or six years.  That sounds incredibly heavy to carry.  Can you tell me more about what specifically makes it feel so "mind-boggling"?  What aspects of the past five or six years stand out to you as particularly difficult to reconcile with the present?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'So if you’re in despair over your situation, which seems like a reasonable place to be, why aren’ t you looking to get out of it? So I think you should be. I think if that’ s how you’re feeling, I think your life would be better served by you getting out of it, but I don’ t know why that’ s not what you’re doing.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Who? FATHER: Maya Angelou. I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings. Maya Angelou." patient: "And was the other guy playing a guitar? FATHER: Yeah. Two Altrusa brothers both playing the guitar . It was wonderful. FATHER: Great guy; both great. We’ll probably do that again." mental health assistant: "Do you guys have a Parish? FATHER: Yes." patient: "Do you go to church, though? MOTHER: Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'Do you meet anybody there? Do you stay after? Do you do the cof fee thing? FATHER: She did sort of make a friend with a former grand Knight’ s wife because we wound up going to one of the ceremonies together and they bonded a little bit. She’ s a very nice lady . I wish she could cultivate that a little', 'base_result': 'Okay, so it sounds like you\'ve shared some positive memories about a recent event – a gathering with some guitar players, perhaps a performance?  It involved your father and seems to have been something you enjoyed.  Can you tell me more about what made it "wonderful"?  What specifically stood out to you about that experience?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Well, it’s wonderful you guys have a Parish.  It’s great that the church is important to you, and it’s also wonderful that it’s not important to you to attend regularly . I mean, I don’t mean to say that you would prefer to stay home. It’s wonderful that you feel comfortable enough with your own beliefs and what the church represents to you that you can choose to go or not to go, you know?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And was the other guy playing a guitar? FATHER: Yeah. Two Altrusa brothers both playing the guitar . It was wonderful. FATHER: Great guy; both great. We’ll probably do that again." patient: "Do you guys have a Parish? FATHER: Yes." mental health assistant: "Do you go to church, though? MOTHER: Yeah." patient: "Do you meet anybody there? Do you stay after? Do you do the cof fee thing? FATHER: She did sort of make a friend with a former grand Knight’ s wife because we wound up going to one of the ceremonies together and they bonded a little bit. She’ s a very nice lady . I wish she could cultivate that a little" ', 'therapist_result': 'It just worries me. I know that you’re not going to kill yourself, but the fact that you said it, that you actually believed it for a second, makes me feel like we have to be aware of trying to find a way for you to feel happier and, obviously , liquor is not the . . . MOTHER: It just seems hopeless.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're wondering about your parents' social connections and whether they're getting enough social interaction outside of your family.  It seems like they have some connections through church, but perhaps you're concerned about the depth of those relationships?\n\nTo help me understand better, can you tell me more about what specifically concerns you about your parents' social life? What makes you feel they might need more interaction?  What kind of connections are you hoping they'd have, and what would that look like to you?\n\nAlso, it sounds like your mother made a connection with someone at a ceremony.  That sounds positive. What was it about that connection that made your father wish she'd cultivate it more?  What aspects of that relationship seem positive and which aspects seem lacking to you?\n\nFinally, it’s okay to feel concerned about your parents' well-being. Your feelings are valid.  Let's explore together how we can understand this situation better and what might be helpful moving forward.  What are your thoughts and feelings about all of this?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah. I mean, you’re someone who, to be fair , can be ef fective with one-on-one relationships but I think you’re much more hesitant about cultivating something involving a group. And that can be a pretty ef fective way to make friends. It sounds like a lot of your friends are kind of from dif ferent segments of your life, but do you have any friends that you met through cof fee hour or Sunday brunch or something? Some of the guys I’m friends with I met that way .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Do you meet anybody there? Do you stay after? Do you do the cof fee thing? FATHER: She did sort of make a friend with a former grand Knight’ s wife because we wound up going to one of the ceremonies together and they bonded a little bit. She’ s a very nice lady . I wish she could cultivate that a little" patient: "It just worries me. I know that you’re not going to kill yourself, but the fact that you said it, that you actually believed it for a second, makes me feel like we have to be aware of trying to find a way for you to feel happier and, obviously , liquor is not the . . . MOTHER: It just seems hopeless." mental health assistant: "I know . FATHER: Could you tell her that liquor is just not going to help that when you’re feeling down? It’ s an antidepressant. MOTHER: That particular day I felt hopeless and overwhelmed. Now I’m better . FATHER: So if she feels like that, what is your strategy?" patient: "I’m just thinking, having a social . . . I know . FATHER: I totally agree. I am so on board with that." ', 'therapist_result': 'You’re not opposed to it, you just can’ t think of how to go about it or . . ? MOTHER: Right. FATHER: Then I thought maybe I should just break down and have her come hear me have her sing. That way she can have an atmosphere there, but then there’ s the temptation of alcohol and the bar .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling worried and a bit hopeless, is that right?  It sounds like a really tough situation to be in.  Can you tell me a little more about what's making you feel this way right now?  What specifically is contributing to this feeling of hopelessness?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'What I’m thinking about that, Brian, is the idea that, if you are not feeling well, like you did that day and even the day before, that you can just not go. I know that it’s a tremendous commitment, but I would think the more you’re able to do something for yourself in that way , even if it’s an hour of your time and it’s on you, that this could also be a tremendous way to feel better . If you’re not feeling well, you’re not feeling well. This is not something you have to do every week. This is not something that you have to do if you’re not feeling well. [00:24:07]'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It just worries me. I know that you’re not going to kill yourself, but the fact that you said it, that you actually believed it for a second, makes me feel like we have to be aware of trying to find a way for you to feel happier and, obviously , liquor is not the . . . MOTHER: It just seems hopeless." patient: "I know . FATHER: Could you tell her that liquor is just not going to help that when you’re feeling down? It’ s an antidepressant. MOTHER: That particular day I felt hopeless and overwhelmed. Now I’m better . FATHER: So if she feels like that, what is your strategy?" mental health assistant: "I’m just thinking, having a social . . . I know . FATHER: I totally agree. I am so on board with that." patient: "You’re not opposed to it, you just can’ t think of how to go about it or . . ? MOTHER: Right. FATHER: Then I thought maybe I should just break down and have her come hear me have her sing. That way she can have an atmosphere there, but then there’ s the temptation of alcohol and the bar ." ', 'therapist_result': 'But you don’ t mind if she were to have one drink, do you really? MOTHER: Casey , what does it matter if I have a glass of wine while you’re singing? FATHER: If you just have one, I guess it’ s okay . MOTHER: It’ s not like I’m going to get up on the bar and put lampshades on my head. FATHER: I know , but I would like to be more inclusive of her and do stuf f like that. I even said something today . My friend gave us this guitar .', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling a bit stuck, right?  You know that getting out and being social would help, but figuring out *how* to actually do that feels overwhelming and challenging.  Can you tell me more about what specifically makes it feel so difficult to plan a social outing?  What obstacles are you facing?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I have a thought.  What if you went to a cafe or something with people there, you were kind of social, and maybe took her with you? I imagine a lot of people there would hear you sing and be supportive. Or maybe you could go to a open mic place and just have her with you.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I know . FATHER: Could you tell her that liquor is just not going to help that when you’re feeling down? It’ s an antidepressant. MOTHER: That particular day I felt hopeless and overwhelmed. Now I’m better . FATHER: So if she feels like that, what is your strategy?" patient: "I’m just thinking, having a social . . . I know . FATHER: I totally agree. I am so on board with that." mental health assistant: "You’re not opposed to it, you just can’ t think of how to go about it or . . ? MOTHER: Right. FATHER: Then I thought maybe I should just break down and have her come hear me have her sing. That way she can have an atmosphere there, but then there’ s the temptation of alcohol and the bar ." patient: "But you don’ t mind if she were to have one drink, do you really? MOTHER: Casey , what does it matter if I have a glass of wine while you’re singing? FATHER: If you just have one, I guess it’ s okay . MOTHER: It’ s not like I’m going to get up on the bar and put lampshades on my head. FATHER: I know , but I would like to be more inclusive of her and do stuf f like that. I even said something today . My friend gave us this guitar ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Do you play? MOTHER: No. FATHER: No, but Gordon plays and has been playing it. It’ s been a wonderful source of him having an outlet because he’ s a musician. He plays it, he keeps it nice for my friend, and I thought wouldn’ t it be nice if Dora picked it up and is trying a little bit on there. I know she’ s got arthritis, but . . .', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling a bit conflicted about how to support your daughter while also managing your own feelings and potential challenges.  It's understandable that you want to be there for her and help her build a social life, but the mention of alcohol and the bar creates some tension.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically feels challenging about the idea of her performing at a bar? What are your biggest concerns?  It seems like the potential for alcohol consumption is a major one, but are there other worries as well?\n\nYou mentioned feeling hopeless and overwhelmed yourself in the past.  That's a valid feeling, and it's brave of you to share that.  How do you think those feelings relate to your concerns about your daughter's social life and the bar setting?\n\nYour father's suggestion of having her sing in a setting where you're also present seems like it comes from a place of wanting to connect with her and provide support.  What are your thoughts on that suggestion, and what are some potential benefits or drawbacks you see in that scenario?\n\nFinally, what do *you* think would be an ideal way to support your daughter's social life? What kind of environment would you feel most comfortable with, and what kinds of boundaries would need to be in place?  Let's explore some different options together. There's no right or wrong answer here; the goal is to find a solution that feels right for both of you.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'This is going to sound a little trite, but if you’re willing to give it a try , it seems like to me you need to pick yourself up out of the mire a little bit. I know that’ s trite. I don’ t mean that you need to be happy or that you should be happy that you’re depressed. But part of what gets you through depression, I think, is being willing to continue as best you can. Otherwise the tendency is to just give up or withdraw or sink lower . There’ s something about just continuing and living even though it’ s hard that can be helpful. I don’ t mean so that you can be happy , but just to keep going.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But you don’ t mind if she were to have one drink, do you really? MOTHER: Casey , what does it matter if I have a glass of wine while you’re singing? FATHER: If you just have one, I guess it’ s okay . MOTHER: It’ s not like I’m going to get up on the bar and put lampshades on my head. FATHER: I know , but I would like to be more inclusive of her and do stuf f like that. I even said something today . My friend gave us this guitar ." patient: "Do you play? MOTHER: No. FATHER: No, but Gordon plays and has been playing it. It’ s been a wonderful source of him having an outlet because he’ s a musician. He plays it, he keeps it nice for my friend, and I thought wouldn’ t it be nice if Dora picked it up and is trying a little bit on there. I know she’ s got arthritis, but . . ." mental health assistant: "Did he used to play? FATHER: She used to play Baila Gana." patient: "What’ s Baila Gana? FATHER: Some kind of Spanish thing. MOTHER: It’ s an easy Spanish song, flamenco. MOTHER: But after two years she said, “Honey , you’re wasting your money . You’ll never be a guitar player .”" ', 'therapist_result': '[The heart is certainly there.] MOTHER: Plus I’m tone deaf. FATHER: But I also thought we should go on Amazing Race. We’ll be the two old people they root for maybe. I want to do stuf f like that. I really do and I want to do it with her .', 'base_result': 'Okay, so it sounds like there\'s a lot going on here with your parents, particularly around the guitar and your mother\'s past experiences with music.  It seems like your father is trying to encourage your mother to play again, and she\'s resisting.  \n\nLet\'s start by exploring your feelings about this situation.  What are your thoughts and feelings when you hear this conversation between your parents?  What\'s it like for you to witness this dynamic?  Don\'t worry about giving "right" answers; just tell me what comes to mind.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I wonder if that’ s not also a little bit how you feel about yourself. Like you could be an “A” student and you choose not to. I wonder if in some way you feel that if you really , really put your mind to it you could still play, if you could still be a musician. I almost wonder if it’ s not because you feel like you’ve lost something that you could have had.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Do you play? MOTHER: No. FATHER: No, but Gordon plays and has been playing it. It’ s been a wonderful source of him having an outlet because he’ s a musician. He plays it, he keeps it nice for my friend, and I thought wouldn’ t it be nice if Dora picked it up and is trying a little bit on there. I know she’ s got arthritis, but . . ." patient: "Did he used to play? FATHER: She used to play Baila Gana." mental health assistant: "What’ s Baila Gana? FATHER: Some kind of Spanish thing. MOTHER: It’ s an easy Spanish song, flamenco. MOTHER: But after two years she said, “Honey , you’re wasting your money . You’ll never be a guitar player .”" patient: "[The heart is certainly there.] MOTHER: Plus I’m tone deaf. FATHER: But I also thought we should go on Amazing Race. We’ll be the two old people they root for maybe. I want to do stuf f like that. I really do and I want to do it with her ." ', 'therapist_result': 'I wish you all had outlets. I’m glad you have a parish. I’m glad about party night and all that, but I’d love, Dora, if you could call up Maria back and say , “I’m up for this.” FATHER: Or ask what’ s-her -name, Janet? “Are you going antiquing any time soon?” It’ s not like you have to buy anything.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so it sounds like there\'s a lot going on here, and I want to understand your feelings about all of this.  Let\'s start with your comment, "[The heart is certainly there.]"  Can you tell me more about what you mean by that? What is it that you feel is "there"?  What feelings or emotions are associated with that statement?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'That’ s another theme we haven’ t talked about, at least not a lot. It is a desire to be with Dora, which may be harder to be with Dora when you’re both frustrated with each other and are both feeling depressed. It’ s not like an exciting, pleasurable, fulfilling relationship right now , although you have a lot of devotion and loyalty and love for her .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You’re just talking about being with people, though. FATHER: Yes, exactly ." patient: "Anything that makes you not feel like you’re just trapped in your house with Gordon. FATHER: And that’ s how it’ s feeling." mental health assistant: "That’ s why I just want anything to get you out of there. FATHER: Exactly . And we never know what we’re dealing with and when it’ s going to be over . Is there a strategy , Walter? Do we just keep going on the way we’re doing?" patient: "Yeah. I don’ t have a strategy . I really don’ t. FATHER: Avoid him when we can. Let him know that we’re seeing this group of people." ', 'therapist_result': 'Right. FATHER: Which gives him some sense that if he tries something, the outside world is aware; plus we get the support of knowing other people have similar problems. We just want you to . . . I want you to have an outlet. You’re so brilliant. You write. You do so many things. I think writing isn’ t enough. MOTHER: I just don’ t have the motivation. All I can think of is how broke we always are, how mad Gordon is, how it’ s upsetting Mor gan, and then yesterday I got a stomach virus. I was in the bathroom all day long.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling trapped at home with Gordon, and that's understandably very difficult.  It sounds like you're longing for something – anything – to break that feeling of being stuck.  Can you tell me more about what that feeling of being trapped *feels* like?  What are the specific sensations or emotions you experience when you feel that way?\n\nYou mentioned avoiding Gordon when possible, and letting him know you're seeing people.  That sounds like a good start to creating some space and establishing boundaries.  What are some of the challenges you face in implementing these strategies?  And what would a successful day, or even a successful hour, look like for you in terms of feeling less trapped and more in control of your situation?\n\nIt's completely valid to feel like you don't have a strategy right now.  Feeling overwhelmed and unsure of what to do next is a very common experience.  Instead of focusing on a grand strategy, let's explore some smaller, more manageable steps we can take.  What's one small thing you could do today, even just a tiny step, that might help you feel a little less trapped?  And what support, either from me, or other resources, might be helpful in taking those steps?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Here’ s what I think.  We could work with your mom to do that.  I’m not sure. I don’ t know how much you’re comfortable doing.  It seems to me you’re mostly comfortable if it’ s something you’re doing. But I wonder if you’d be mostly comfortable if it’ s something your mom’ s doing. You’re mostly comfortable hanging out with the guys or playing with the car. How does that feel?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Anything that makes you not feel like you’re just trapped in your house with Gordon. FATHER: And that’ s how it’ s feeling." patient: "That’ s why I just want anything to get you out of there. FATHER: Exactly . And we never know what we’re dealing with and when it’ s going to be over . Is there a strategy , Walter? Do we just keep going on the way we’re doing?" mental health assistant: "Yeah. I don’ t have a strategy . I really don’ t. FATHER: Avoid him when we can. Let him know that we’re seeing this group of people." patient: "Right. FATHER: Which gives him some sense that if he tries something, the outside world is aware; plus we get the support of knowing other people have similar problems. We just want you to . . . I want you to have an outlet. You’re so brilliant. You write. You do so many things. I think writing isn’ t enough. MOTHER: I just don’ t have the motivation. All I can think of is how broke we always are, how mad Gordon is, how it’ s upsetting Mor gan, and then yesterday I got a stomach virus. I was in the bathroom all day long." ', 'therapist_result': 'The idea of getting any kind of job is really ridiculous? At this point it would just be Bur ger King, basically . There would be nothing right now? FATHER: That’ s not true. With her background and the connections that she had and the names she could drop, if there was this particular right job, like writing for some professor , historical work, she’ s good at that. She’ s very good at that. FATHER: Transcription. Her typing is rusty , but – you know – it wouldn’ t take much. MOTHER: Editing is my forte.', 'base_result': "Okay, I hear you.  It sounds incredibly draining to feel trapped and constantly worried about Gordon's behavior, the financial strain, and Morgan's well-being.  And to top it all off, you've been dealing with a stomach virus. That's a lot to carry.\n\nSo, tell me more about how all of that makes you *feel*.  What emotions are you experiencing the most right now?  Don't worry about sounding 'right' or having the 'perfect' answer, just let me know what comes to mind.\n\nAnd you mentioned a lack of motivation. Can you tell me a bit more about that? What specifically makes it hard to find the motivation to do things you usually enjoy, like writing?  Is it the stress of the situation, or is something else contributing to that feeling?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . I think you are bright and capable of doing lots of things. But what we’re missing is the motivation. I think this group is a piece of the puzzle. Another piece is a way to get money . It’ s hard if you’re not working and broke. We’re talking about that, I think. Also, we’re just going to have to see how it goes, whether it’ s a small piece of the puzzle or a big one. We’re talking about your capacity to not just be an ex-wife, mother , and a friend to your daughter but also to realize the other parts of yourself, the parts that are artistic, the parts that are smart, the parts that are intellectual, and to follow through and pursue those interests. There are lots of opportunities for women like you who are going through what you’re going through, but, yeah, money is a part of it. We’re going to work that through.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Which was? MOTHER: Editing. I edited a newspaper looking for typos." patient: "Did you really? FATHER: That one work that you do, maybe that will be something she could edit for you." mental health assistant: "Would you be able to edit dissertations? MOTHER: Sure." patient: "Because potentially I could put your name in on that. The Department of Students does look for editors. MOTHER: Cool." ', 'therapist_result': 'The only thing you would have to learn would be American and Psychological Association, the way they do citation – the basic stuf f – otherwise it just follows standard shrunken white English. MOTHER: I did a dissertation for a PhD candidate once – I for get what it was about – in college. She wasn’ t the greatest writer in the world so I fixed it up as I typed it along; and she passed. FATHER: This is something she is really good at. MOTHER: Just thinking of going home to Gordon.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like your parents had a conversation about your potential work editing dissertations, and your mom seems open to the idea of you putting her name on it, which is pretty cool.  That must feel… how does that make you feel right now?  Is it exciting, relieving, confusing, or something else entirely?  Tell me more about what's going through your mind.\n", 'finetuned_result': "And you'd be able to edit dissertations. It's like editing newspaper clippings or newspaper articles? Would it be similar? It's just dif ferent because it's much more detailed than a newspaper article. [00:00:32.24]"},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It literally makes you shake uncontrolled. MOTHER: Yes." patient: "Do you both have to go directly home? MOTHER: Where else are we going to go? Plus I went to the bathroom as soon as we got here. I have to go really bad right now . I have this intestinal thing going on." mental health assistant: "You’re not feeling well anyway . You’re week. MOTHER: Yeah. FATHER: But yes, Walter. I have those TripTiks. I would love to go away at some point." patient: "I know . FATHER: Even if it’ s for three or four days." ', 'therapist_result': 'I appreciate that you went to that event. I’m glad this older couple was supportive. FATHER: Yeah, they were like saints. They were like angels. They were wonderful people and they understood us. FATHER: I know , we need to do something. MOTHER: I’m sorry , but I really have to go. FATHER: Are you going to come back?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so it sounds like you\'re feeling really overwhelmed right now.  Let\'s unpack this a bit.  You mentioned feeling unwell, and your mother\'s needing to use the restroom frequently is adding to that stress.  Can you tell me more about what\'s making you feel so overwhelmed in this moment? What specifically is making you shake uncontrollably?  Is it the situation with your parents, your own physical discomfort, or a combination of things?  \n\nIt seems like your father\'s mentioning a trip, which might be positive, but it also feels like it\'s not really addressing your immediate needs.  How does that make you feel – that a potential future vacation is being discussed while you\'re dealing with immediate discomfort and stress?  \n\nAnd your mother\'s response about "where else are we going to go?" suggests feeling trapped or limited in options. Is that how she\'s usually feeling, or is this a particularly difficult situation?  What are your feelings about the fact that your mother doesn\'t seem to have any other options?\n\nIt\'s perfectly okay to feel overwhelmed, frustrated, and even angry in this situation. It sounds incredibly challenging to manage everyone\'s needs at once, while also dealing with your own physical discomfort.  Let\'s explore these feelings a little more so we can find ways to cope and hopefully find some relief.  What\'s one thing you need right now, even a small thing, that might help you feel a bit better?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Do you want to hear something that I think will help you with your anxiety?  Do you want to hear it? It’ll help.  What I’m going to tell you is so simple it sounds pedestrian and it’ s so powerful I am surprised I don’t run it up the flagpole every day . It’ s that powerful. It’ s that simple.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Do you both have to go directly home? MOTHER: Where else are we going to go? Plus I went to the bathroom as soon as we got here. I have to go really bad right now . I have this intestinal thing going on." patient: "You’re not feeling well anyway . You’re week. MOTHER: Yeah. FATHER: But yes, Walter. I have those TripTiks. I would love to go away at some point." mental health assistant: "I know . FATHER: Even if it’ s for three or four days." patient: "I appreciate that you went to that event. I’m glad this older couple was supportive. FATHER: Yeah, they were like saints. They were like angels. They were wonderful people and they understood us. FATHER: I know , we need to do something. MOTHER: I’m sorry , but I really have to go. FATHER: Are you going to come back?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Go. Go. MOTHER: Should I leave this? I’m sorry . It’s bad. FATHER: What can we possibly do? Where can we steer her? I would love to. Believe me, this is not like something that I don’ t bring up on any . . . I’ve tried the editing of a book or something for herself.', 'base_result': "Okay, Walter, it sounds like things are pretty overwhelming right now.  Your mom isn't feeling well, and you're all feeling the pressure of needing to get home.  Let's unpack this a bit.\n\nFirst, I want to acknowledge how you must be feeling. It sounds like you're worried about your mom, and also maybe feeling a bit frustrated or helpless given her urgent need to use the restroom and her overall weakness.  Can you tell me more about what that feels like for you?  What are your biggest concerns right now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I don’t know if you’re going to come back. I don’t know what’ s going to happen on Friday . I’m sorry to say that. I don’ t like that. I don’t like that I don’t know . I feel like I am sort of in the midst of a similar thing myself, where my life is changing, where I’m away a lot, and I don’ t know what the heck is going to happen. I’ve sort of felt like I’ve been floating out at sea a little bit, not really know ing what the heck is going to happen next. So I feel kind of sympathetic to that, although I can’ t imagine that’ s too much fun for you, either .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You’re not feeling well anyway . You’re week. MOTHER: Yeah. FATHER: But yes, Walter. I have those TripTiks. I would love to go away at some point." patient: "I know . FATHER: Even if it’ s for three or four days." mental health assistant: "I appreciate that you went to that event. I’m glad this older couple was supportive. FATHER: Yeah, they were like saints. They were like angels. They were wonderful people and they understood us. FATHER: I know , we need to do something. MOTHER: I’m sorry , but I really have to go. FATHER: Are you going to come back?" patient: "Go. Go. MOTHER: Should I leave this? I’m sorry . It’s bad. FATHER: What can we possibly do? Where can we steer her? I would love to. Believe me, this is not like something that I don’ t bring up on any . . . I’ve tried the editing of a book or something for herself." ', 'therapist_result': 'But why won’ t she go out with the friends and stuf f. Were any of them close friends or was it really just the luncheon? FATHER: It was just people in the circle of the neighborhood.  She never really got close with any of them. This woman, who is my Altrusa brother , his wife, they really sort of hit it of f. It was a good relationship between the two of them. I’d love to cultivate that.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so it sounds like things are feeling pretty overwhelming right now.  You mentioned your mother leaving and your father feeling helpless and worried.  That must be incredibly difficult.  \n\nCan you tell me more about what\'s making you feel this way? What specifically is causing the feeling of "Go. Go."?  Is it the feeling of your mother leaving, or something else entirely?\n\nWhat feelings are you experiencing right now – sadness, anger, fear, frustration, something else entirely?  It\'s okay to feel whatever you\'re feeling.  There\'s no right or wrong emotion in this situation.\n\nYour father mentioned trying different things to help, like suggesting a trip or even suggesting she work on a book.  What are your thoughts on those suggestions?  Do you think they\'d be helpful, or do you have other ideas of what might help your mother, or what you might need right now?\n\nIt takes a lot of courage to talk about this, and I want you to know that I\'m here to listen without judgment.  Let\'s explore this together.  What\'s one small thing you can focus on right now to help yourself feel a little better, even just a tiny bit?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Let’ s take a step back. On a day to day level, from Monday to Friday , I’m here to help in any way that I can with the immediate distress that you’re experiencing and the immediate preoccupations that you’re experiencing and, over the course of time, to help you develop a greater understanding of where those preoccupations came from, so that you can be more resilient when they come up. My primary interest is to be helpful. I understand that you’re looking for other ways to be helped.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "What if you said to your Altrusa brother , “Would you mind having your wife invite Dora?” FATHER: I think she has, though." patient: "Dora says no? FATHER: I think she’ s invited her to go antiquing, not that Dora would want to buy anything anyway , but it’ s something to do and then you have lunch, you know? I think it would be good to cultivate." mental health assistant: "She talks about the idea of needing her own space and that would be it. FATHER: I agree." patient: "How is your marriage doing? FATHER: It’ s stressful, Walter." ', 'therapist_result': 'Because of the Gordon stuf f and the drinking fears. FATHER: The major thing is Gordon and then the other thing is the drinking.  So here I’m trying to keep it under wraps, trying not to cut her of f; that way she won’ t lie to me. So I have a bottle or two in the bedroom and I try to encourage her to just drink up there so it’ s not in front of Gordon. In that way , it does moderate her a little bit. I’m afraid to cut it all of f. If I cut that of f with the other things that I am doing, it’ s kind of unfair; however I do try to get her more involved in other sources of mellowness. I just think it helps her if she doesn’ t get paranoid. I think she gets calmer . She finds the humor in things. MOTHER: I’m sorry .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling stressed about your marriage, and it sounds like there are some difficulties with getting Dora involved in social activities with your Altrusa brother and his wife.  That must be frustrating.  Can you tell me more about what's making your marriage stressful right now?  What specific aspects are causing you the most strain?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Marriage is going through a lot of changes and stress right now . Because of the financial worry and because you are working more, I imagine that you are working an awful lot of hours right now , which means you’re tired and you’re stressed and you don’ t have as much time or energy for marriage and relationships. In addition, you’re dealing with a lot of guilt around not being able to provide or to help as much as you want to be able to help. And I imagine the stress of all this is probably pushing you away from each other some. Am I at least close to the ballpark here?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Dora says no? FATHER: I think she’ s invited her to go antiquing, not that Dora would want to buy anything anyway , but it’ s something to do and then you have lunch, you know? I think it would be good to cultivate." patient: "She talks about the idea of needing her own space and that would be it. FATHER: I agree." mental health assistant: "How is your marriage doing? FATHER: It’ s stressful, Walter." patient: "Because of the Gordon stuf f and the drinking fears. FATHER: The major thing is Gordon and then the other thing is the drinking.  So here I’m trying to keep it under wraps, trying not to cut her of f; that way she won’ t lie to me. So I have a bottle or two in the bedroom and I try to encourage her to just drink up there so it’ s not in front of Gordon. In that way , it does moderate her a little bit. I’m afraid to cut it all of f. If I cut that of f with the other things that I am doing, it’ s kind of unfair; however I do try to get her more involved in other sources of mellowness. I just think it helps her if she doesn’ t get paranoid. I think she gets calmer . She finds the humor in things. MOTHER: I’m sorry ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Are you okay? MOTHER: Yeah, it’ s just an intestinal thing. At first I thought I had poisoned everyone with the turkey and gave them all food poisoning; but clearly , it’s only me. FATHER: Dora, we were talking about cultivating – what’ s this guy’ s name? What’ s my Altrusa wife name again? FATHER: Julia. You should maybe call Julia and say let’ s get together for something fun. MOTHER: All she ever wants to do is go to stupid yard sales. FATHER: But you don’ t have to buy anything. Just go with her and have a cheap lunch, right?', 'base_result': 'Okay, I hear you\'re feeling stressed about your marriage, and that it\'s connected to both the issues with Gordon and your wife\'s drinking.  That sounds incredibly challenging.\n\nCan you tell me more about what\'s specifically stressful about the Gordon situation? What aspects are causing you the most difficulty?\n\nAnd regarding your wife\'s drinking, you mentioned trying to manage it by keeping a supply in the bedroom and encouraging her to drink there.  That sounds like a delicate balancing act.  What are your hopes and fears around her drinking, and what are your concerns about potentially cutting it off completely?  What does "unfair" mean in that context for you?\n\nYou\'re trying to find ways to help her relax and feel calmer –  that shows a lot of care and consideration. Can you describe a bit more about what "other sources of mellowness" you\'ve been trying?  What has seemed to help, and what hasn\'t?\n\nFinally, you mentioned your wife\'s desire for space.  How does that make you feel? What are your thoughts and feelings about the need for her to have her own space, and how might that impact your relationship?  I\'m here to listen and help you explore these feelings further.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'There’ s a reason that I think that’ s a bad thing, because you’re describing you marriage in terms of transactions. And so that’ s where the idea of the transactions in marriages is. Do I give this and get this back? In a marriage, I think when you’re operating like that, it can feel very transactional, like a business arrangement. You’re not talking about partners who in some way love each other and want to be together and can talk to each other about what’ s bothering them, disagree sometimes and sometimes it’ s better than others. That’ s a relationship.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "She talks about the idea of needing her own space and that would be it. FATHER: I agree." patient: "How is your marriage doing? FATHER: It’ s stressful, Walter." mental health assistant: "Because of the Gordon stuf f and the drinking fears. FATHER: The major thing is Gordon and then the other thing is the drinking.  So here I’m trying to keep it under wraps, trying not to cut her of f; that way she won’ t lie to me. So I have a bottle or two in the bedroom and I try to encourage her to just drink up there so it’ s not in front of Gordon. In that way , it does moderate her a little bit. I’m afraid to cut it all of f. If I cut that of f with the other things that I am doing, it’ s kind of unfair; however I do try to get her more involved in other sources of mellowness. I just think it helps her if she doesn’ t get paranoid. I think she gets calmer . She finds the humor in things. MOTHER: I’m sorry ." patient: "Are you okay? MOTHER: Yeah, it’ s just an intestinal thing. At first I thought I had poisoned everyone with the turkey and gave them all food poisoning; but clearly , it’s only me. FATHER: Dora, we were talking about cultivating – what’ s this guy’ s name? What’ s my Altrusa wife name again? FATHER: Julia. You should maybe call Julia and say let’ s get together for something fun. MOTHER: All she ever wants to do is go to stupid yard sales. FATHER: But you don’ t have to buy anything. Just go with her and have a cheap lunch, right?" ', 'therapist_result': 'You’re the one saying you really wanted time away . You wanted down time a little bit. I know you meant alone, too, but this would still be away from the family FATHER: Yeah. And it’ s with a nice Catholic lady and it’ s with somebody who, obviously , has a husband who’ s not well so she’ s dealing with a lot of shit. Excuse my French. It would be a start at least. It would be something.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like things are feeling pretty complicated right now.  I hear you saying you're worried about your parents.  Can you tell me more about what specifically is concerning you about their marriage and their well-being?  What aspects of their relationship are you finding most difficult to process?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'The marriage counseling you’re involved in at the moment, I think that’ s also a very important process for you that I think is helping in some ways. I think it’ s hard for you to trust that someone can stand there with you and not abandon you and really can be a part of this. I think those fearfully are operative and you can do some work. In some ways I think you do some of that with me, but we started with the framework of knowing it would end at some point, so that is a dif ferent story . And I think marriage counseling is another way of –'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "How is your marriage doing? FATHER: It’ s stressful, Walter." patient: "Because of the Gordon stuf f and the drinking fears. FATHER: The major thing is Gordon and then the other thing is the drinking.  So here I’m trying to keep it under wraps, trying not to cut her of f; that way she won’ t lie to me. So I have a bottle or two in the bedroom and I try to encourage her to just drink up there so it’ s not in front of Gordon. In that way , it does moderate her a little bit. I’m afraid to cut it all of f. If I cut that of f with the other things that I am doing, it’ s kind of unfair; however I do try to get her more involved in other sources of mellowness. I just think it helps her if she doesn’ t get paranoid. I think she gets calmer . She finds the humor in things. MOTHER: I’m sorry ." mental health assistant: "Are you okay? MOTHER: Yeah, it’ s just an intestinal thing. At first I thought I had poisoned everyone with the turkey and gave them all food poisoning; but clearly , it’s only me. FATHER: Dora, we were talking about cultivating – what’ s this guy’ s name? What’ s my Altrusa wife name again? FATHER: Julia. You should maybe call Julia and say let’ s get together for something fun. MOTHER: All she ever wants to do is go to stupid yard sales. FATHER: But you don’ t have to buy anything. Just go with her and have a cheap lunch, right?" patient: "You’re the one saying you really wanted time away . You wanted down time a little bit. I know you meant alone, too, but this would still be away from the family FATHER: Yeah. And it’ s with a nice Catholic lady and it’ s with somebody who, obviously , has a husband who’ s not well so she’ s dealing with a lot of shit. Excuse my French. It would be a start at least. It would be something." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think it’ s a good idea. FATHER: Then as you meet other Altrusa and other friends we’ll do other things and have you channel yourself. Right now I want you to have things that interest you that don’ t involve me so that you can enjoy yourself and grow and we can come together then and be fully formed. MOTHER: I know , Casey . It’s just that right now I feel that . . . Yesterday it was Brett calling, “Please make me a doctor ’s appointment. I think there’ s something wrong with my stomach.” That woke us up. FATHER: You realize this is Gordon’ s age – what is he, 32? MOTHER: Thirty-one. FATHER: Thirty-one. He has to have us make his doctor ’s appointments.  Walter, I didn’ t mind. I did it, but it’ s like – hello?', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling a bit conflicted about wanting some time away, some downtime, but you also feel guilty about leaving your family, especially given the current stresses.  Can you tell me more about what's making you feel guilty?  What specifically makes you hesitate to take this time for yourself, even though you recognize you need it?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I’ll tell you what I think. I’m not sure what I think. I think at the moment you’re so accustomed to feeling overwhelmed and stressed and operating out of an identity of not having control and not having confidence that actually the idea of getting excited about work or thinking about it a lot, I don’ t think it’ s that hard to do. I think you’re very good at that. But actually , in general, you’re not that good at having confidence that it’ s going to work out or that you’re going to be good. I think you’re good at worrying about whether it’ s going to work out or whether you’re going to be good.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Because of the Gordon stuf f and the drinking fears. FATHER: The major thing is Gordon and then the other thing is the drinking.  So here I’m trying to keep it under wraps, trying not to cut her of f; that way she won’ t lie to me. So I have a bottle or two in the bedroom and I try to encourage her to just drink up there so it’ s not in front of Gordon. In that way , it does moderate her a little bit. I’m afraid to cut it all of f. If I cut that of f with the other things that I am doing, it’ s kind of unfair; however I do try to get her more involved in other sources of mellowness. I just think it helps her if she doesn’ t get paranoid. I think she gets calmer . She finds the humor in things. MOTHER: I’m sorry ." patient: "Are you okay? MOTHER: Yeah, it’ s just an intestinal thing. At first I thought I had poisoned everyone with the turkey and gave them all food poisoning; but clearly , it’s only me. FATHER: Dora, we were talking about cultivating – what’ s this guy’ s name? What’ s my Altrusa wife name again? FATHER: Julia. You should maybe call Julia and say let’ s get together for something fun. MOTHER: All she ever wants to do is go to stupid yard sales. FATHER: But you don’ t have to buy anything. Just go with her and have a cheap lunch, right?" mental health assistant: "You’re the one saying you really wanted time away . You wanted down time a little bit. I know you meant alone, too, but this would still be away from the family FATHER: Yeah. And it’ s with a nice Catholic lady and it’ s with somebody who, obviously , has a husband who’ s not well so she’ s dealing with a lot of shit. Excuse my French. It would be a start at least. It would be something." patient: "I think it’ s a good idea. FATHER: Then as you meet other Altrusa and other friends we’ll do other things and have you channel yourself. Right now I want you to have things that interest you that don’ t involve me so that you can enjoy yourself and grow and we can come together then and be fully formed. MOTHER: I know , Casey . It’s just that right now I feel that . . . Yesterday it was Brett calling, “Please make me a doctor ’s appointment. I think there’ s something wrong with my stomach.” That woke us up. FATHER: You realize this is Gordon’ s age – what is he, 32? MOTHER: Thirty-one. FATHER: Thirty-one. He has to have us make his doctor ’s appointments.  Walter, I didn’ t mind. I did it, but it’ s like – hello?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Have you said no at this point? It would just get too ugly? MOTHER: Probably . FATHER: Not only that, but why would I say no? I love him. I feel bad, like he needs me. At least it’ s something I can do for him and I’m not a total [schlavootz] . I’m of some net benefit.', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're feeling overwhelmed right now, and that's completely understandable.  Your family is facing several challenges, and it's natural to feel that weight.  Let's try to unpack this a bit.\n\nYou mentioned feeling that your needs aren't being met, and that yesterday's events with Brett highlighted that.  Can you tell me more about what specifically made you feel that way?  What aspects of the situation with Brett, and the ongoing family dynamics, contributed to your feeling overwhelmed?\n\nYour father is suggesting you spend time with Julia, which sounds like a positive step toward creating some space for yourself and engaging in activities you enjoy.  What are your feelings about that suggestion?  What aspects of it appeal to you, and what concerns, if any, do you have?\n\nYou've been dealing with a lot, from the challenges with Gordon to concerns about your own health and the needs of your family.  It’s okay to feel frustrated, resentful, or even just plain exhausted.  Validating those feelings is an important first step.  How are you coping with all of this right now, and what are some things that usually help you feel better?  What support systems, if any, do you currently have in place?\n\nTake your time; there's no rush.  We can explore all of this at your own pace.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think there are two sides to this. The first is more obvious. I think that’ s the right approach. The idea that you’re constantly sitting around waiting for me to call, I don’ t think is a recipe for success. It is helpful to have other things going on, whether it’ s Altrusa or socializing with other people or dating.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "$130 million dollars. The paper came out saying the Ellsbury dough boy . FATHER: That’ s perfect. That’ s great. MOTHER: I can’ t believe Boston let him go. He wants to be a Yankee?" patient: "He is a Yankee now . FATHER: Is he an American Indian? MOTHER: Yeah, he is." mental health assistant: "Anyway , I didn’ t know how you felt about it. MOTHER: I guess if he’ s a Yankee it will be all right. I mean I warmed up to Damon when we got him." patient: "That’ s what they compared him to. MOTHER: He’ s good. I’m surprised Boston let him go. How does Iris feel? That’ s way too much money . Nobody needs that much money ." ', 'therapist_result': 'She’ s worried this guy gets injured a lot. She said he’ s like half this season out, so she’ s worried about that. But she’ s glad they’re doing something about of fense. She just thinks they have to do something more about defense still, though. They have to get a pitcher she said. FATHER: So we’re sort of like baseball widowers.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like there's a lot of mixed feelings about this news regarding your son and his new contract.  It's a huge amount of money, $130 million – that's understandably overwhelming.  \n\nFirst, let's talk about your feelings. You said you're surprised Boston let him go and that you're concerned about the amount of money.  Can you tell me more about what those feelings are like for you?  What specifically makes you feel surprised, and what aspects of the large sum of money bother you the most?  \n\nYou also mentioned how Iris feels.  It sounds like her opinion matters a great deal to you.  How do you think she's processing this news, and how is her reaction impacting your own feelings?\n\nFinally, the comparison to Damon seems to have played a role in your acceptance.  Can you expand on that?  How did warming up to Damon influence your feelings about your son's new team?  What similarities or differences do you see between your son and Damon?\n\nLet's take our time to unpack all of this. There's no right or wrong way to feel about such a significant event.  It’s okay to feel a range of emotions – surprise, worry, happiness, perhaps even a little bit of disbelief.  The important thing is to understand and validate your own experience.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I’m glad you’re feeling warm toward the Yankees. I guess I’m worried I have to be a little careful not to say . You’ve been acquainted for a long time with a certain way of, I don’ t know , like a certain psychology toward money in your family . Money hasn’ t exactly been swimming in it. And it’ s like it’ s not how you make it. A lot of it has been missing it, not having it, working hard and missing it, that kind of thing. It’ s like one of the things I’m worried about is you hear about a guy getting this enormous contract, $130 million, and it makes me a little nervous.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "He is a Yankee now . FATHER: Is he an American Indian? MOTHER: Yeah, he is." patient: "Anyway , I didn’ t know how you felt about it. MOTHER: I guess if he’ s a Yankee it will be all right. I mean I warmed up to Damon when we got him." mental health assistant: "That’ s what they compared him to. MOTHER: He’ s good. I’m surprised Boston let him go. How does Iris feel? That’ s way too much money . Nobody needs that much money ." patient: "She’ s worried this guy gets injured a lot. She said he’ s like half this season out, so she’ s worried about that. But she’ s glad they’re doing something about of fense. She just thinks they have to do something more about defense still, though. They have to get a pitcher she said. FATHER: So we’re sort of like baseball widowers." ', 'therapist_result': 'We are baseball widowers, exactly .  I told you, I think, Casey is running all around the place to try to get the cable re-hooked up. They have YES channel or something like that; and Iris said, “Oh, Dora is so lucky to have YES.” I said, “Oh, for God’ s sake.” FATHER: Can you imagine? It’ s only for my own safety . MOTHER: The games aren’ t even on YES anymore.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so it sounds like there\'s a lot going on with your family regarding this new baseball player, and Iris\'s concerns are adding another layer.  Let\'s unpack this a bit.\n\nFirst, it seems like your mother\'s initial reaction to this player joining the team was mixed. Can you tell me more about what made her warm up to him eventually?  What specifically changed her mind?\n\nAnd then, you mention Iris\'s worry about his injury history and the team\'s overall defense. That seems like a valid concern, especially given the significant amount of money involved.  What are your feelings about all of this?  It sounds like there’s a lot of emotion tied up in this –  both excitement and worry. What aspects are causing you the most emotional response?\n\n\nFinally, your father\'s comment about being "baseball widowers" suggests that this team and their performance are taking up a significant amount of family time and emotional energy.  How does that make you feel? Is this a healthy balance in your family\'s life, or do you think it’s causing some strain?  What are your thoughts on how to find a better balance?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'That’ s a touch one in a way , because if it wasn’ t for your father you probably wouldn’ t follow this at all. And if your father was a cardiologist, you’d probably want to be a cardiologist. Or if he was a lawyer , want to be a lawyer . It’ s a touch one in a way because it sounds like a diminishment of what you’d rather be doing, which is more in your domain or creative.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Anyway , I didn’ t know how you felt about it. MOTHER: I guess if he’ s a Yankee it will be all right. I mean I warmed up to Damon when we got him." patient: "That’ s what they compared him to. MOTHER: He’ s good. I’m surprised Boston let him go. How does Iris feel? That’ s way too much money . Nobody needs that much money ." mental health assistant: "She’ s worried this guy gets injured a lot. She said he’ s like half this season out, so she’ s worried about that. But she’ s glad they’re doing something about of fense. She just thinks they have to do something more about defense still, though. They have to get a pitcher she said. FATHER: So we’re sort of like baseball widowers." patient: "We are baseball widowers, exactly .  I told you, I think, Casey is running all around the place to try to get the cable re-hooked up. They have YES channel or something like that; and Iris said, “Oh, Dora is so lucky to have YES.” I said, “Oh, for God’ s sake.” FATHER: Can you imagine? It’ s only for my own safety . MOTHER: The games aren’ t even on YES anymore." ', 'therapist_result': 'What do you mean? MOTHER: They use the YES announcers, but you’ve got to get the MLB package. You have to pay extra for the MLB package and then they’ll have the pre-game on YES and then you switch to the MLB channel; and then you switch back to YES. And if it’ s a home game, you’ll get the YES announcers – what’ s his name – Michael Kay and Kenny Singleton. Baseball is getting to be a big rip-of f.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling like a "baseball widower," and it sounds frustrating.  That\'s completely understandable.  It seems like your family\'s baseball fandom is consuming a significant amount of time and energy, and it\'s impacting your own needs and activities.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically is making you feel this way?  What aspects of the situation are most frustrating or upsetting for you right now?  Is it the time your family spends watching baseball, the expense involved, or something else entirely?\n\nIt also sounds like you\'re feeling a bit overwhelmed by the cable situation and the excitement around the YES channel.  How does that make you feel, specifically?  And is that just a symptom of a larger issue with the level of focus on baseball in your household, or is it something separate?\n\nIt’s valid to feel frustrated and even resentful when your own needs or desires seem to be overlooked amidst the excitement of a shared hobby. Your feelings are real and important, and it\'s okay to express them.  Let\'s explore some ways to navigate this situation and find a balance that works for everyone in your family.  What are some initial thoughts or ideas you might have on how to approach this?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Well, I think part of it is that there’ s something quite dif ferent to talk about today , and I’m not quite sure how much you’ve had your head in the game this year . I’m not sure that I’ve seen you all that often. We’ve been playing the game. I mean I don’ t know if you’re more or less engaged with the game in particular .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "He’ s gone. FATHER: It doesn’ t matter ." patient: "Yeah, thanks. FATHER: I’m still saying a prayer . He’ s out there somewhere looking out and he’d be very , very proud." mental health assistant: "He was a real narcissist. He was very interesting, but he didn’ t really pay much attention to me, to the three of us, the kids. It was all about him. We were audience. FATHER: Are you oldest?" patient: "The youngest. I’m the baby . FATHER: See, we relate to that. I relate to the baby thing. MOTHER: I’m the oldest." ', 'therapist_result': 'Are you? The responsible one. You need to be carefree. MOTHER: I don’ t know what it – I was born grown up. I think I’m regressing. FATHER: Can I just say something? I love this woman. Okay , I’m not thrilled about the hair currently , but it’ s growing on me and I’m trying to. Who is this strange woman in my bed? MOTHER: The kids say it makes me look ten years younger . FATHER: I love her , though, and I want her to have that. She’ s getting her medicine, we’re signed up for this medical thing.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling a mix of things after your father\'s passing, and it sounds like there are some complicated feelings about your relationship with him.  You mentioned he was a narcissist, and that he didn\'t pay much attention to you and your siblings.  That must have been incredibly difficult.\n\nCan you tell me more about what that felt like for you, growing up with a father who focused so much on himself?  What were some specific instances or memories that stand out as examples of this?  \n\nAnd it sounds like you\'re acknowledging your feelings even though your father is expressing a different perspective.  It’s okay to feel however you feel about your father, even if it doesn\'t match what others are expressing.  Your feelings are valid.\n\nYou mentioned feeling like you were an audience to him.  What did that feel like? What impact do you think that had on your self-esteem or your sense of self-worth?\n\nFinally, being the youngest, the "baby" of the family, can often create unique experiences.  How did being the youngest influence your relationship with your father, and how do you think that might be affecting your grief now?\n\nThere’s no right or wrong way to feel about this. Take your time, and let\'s explore these feelings together.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Of course. We’ve all had parents and the parents were not perfect. In your case, and my case, the parents were not perfect. So that’ s why you sometimes have this angry feeling toward your father , because you feel he’ s not there for you. You feel he’ s not the father you want.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah, thanks. FATHER: I’m still saying a prayer . He’ s out there somewhere looking out and he’d be very , very proud." patient: "He was a real narcissist. He was very interesting, but he didn’ t really pay much attention to me, to the three of us, the kids. It was all about him. We were audience. FATHER: Are you oldest?" mental health assistant: "The youngest. I’m the baby . FATHER: See, we relate to that. I relate to the baby thing. MOTHER: I’m the oldest." patient: "Are you? The responsible one. You need to be carefree. MOTHER: I don’ t know what it – I was born grown up. I think I’m regressing. FATHER: Can I just say something? I love this woman. Okay , I’m not thrilled about the hair currently , but it’ s growing on me and I’m trying to. Who is this strange woman in my bed? MOTHER: The kids say it makes me look ten years younger . FATHER: I love her , though, and I want her to have that. She’ s getting her medicine, we’re signed up for this medical thing." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think you’re doing a lot of good there. On the Gordon stuf f, it’s not about him growing up. It’ s about his wellness. FATHER: Here’ s the thing that I think is the linchpin I’m hoping: I want him to start seeing and understanding that life is passing him by and when you try to broach it it’ s like, “But this thing; it won’ t end.”', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're processing some complex feelings about your father and your family dynamic.  Your description of him as a narcissist – that's a powerful word, and it seems to capture a lot of what you experienced.  Can you tell me more about what specifically made you feel he was a narcissist?  What impact did that have on you growing up?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Maybe it’ s because of the medicine. Do they say that because the medicine makes you seem happier or are they talking about your appearance? Do they notice that you’re smiling more? I don’ t see you that of ten, but I imagine there’ s something about your body language that looks dif ferent to them. It’ s probably something about your emotional state. Your body probably feels dif ferent. It feels better inside or maybe your facial expressions are dif ferent. I would assume it’ s something like that. It’ s good. If it’ s the medicine that’ s causing it and you’re feeling happier about things, that’s great. That’ s what we want to see.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "He was a real narcissist. He was very interesting, but he didn’ t really pay much attention to me, to the three of us, the kids. It was all about him. We were audience. FATHER: Are you oldest?" patient: "The youngest. I’m the baby . FATHER: See, we relate to that. I relate to the baby thing. MOTHER: I’m the oldest." mental health assistant: "Are you? The responsible one. You need to be carefree. MOTHER: I don’ t know what it – I was born grown up. I think I’m regressing. FATHER: Can I just say something? I love this woman. Okay , I’m not thrilled about the hair currently , but it’ s growing on me and I’m trying to. Who is this strange woman in my bed? MOTHER: The kids say it makes me look ten years younger . FATHER: I love her , though, and I want her to have that. She’ s getting her medicine, we’re signed up for this medical thing." patient: "I think you’re doing a lot of good there. On the Gordon stuf f, it’s not about him growing up. It’ s about his wellness. FATHER: Here’ s the thing that I think is the linchpin I’m hoping: I want him to start seeing and understanding that life is passing him by and when you try to broach it it’ s like, “But this thing; it won’ t end.”" ', 'therapist_result': 'I’ll call. I’ll see if I can come up with something for you guys. MOTHER: I still think I should be able to call. FATHER: I just don’ t want you to call because if it gets back to him that she calls, he could get violent on her . MOTHER: But they never even call him. He keeps saying he’ s out of the loop, but everybody else is in the loop. I don’ t think there even is a frigging loop. FATHER: Be careful not to use his name so they don’ t generate . . .', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying you see your parents making positive strides, particularly with your father\'s well-being, but you have some concerns about how they\'re approaching your brother\'s situation. Can you tell me more about what specifically worries you about their approach to his "Gordon stuff"?  What makes you feel it\'s not about his growth, but rather solely focused on his wellness?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I guess in my mind there’ s a way that we do that without it being about, “You’re missing out because you’re sick.” But it’ s more about, “Wof tat are you alive for now? What’ s the richness of life? What do you get to have in each moment? What’ s in this one? How can you create that? How can you find that?" I’m not pushing you to be rebellious, but it can be scary to just go along with what someone says, and it is about being yourself and thinking for yourself and making your own decisions.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I think you’re doing a lot of good there. On the Gordon stuf f, it’s not about him growing up. It’ s about his wellness. FATHER: Here’ s the thing that I think is the linchpin I’m hoping: I want him to start seeing and understanding that life is passing him by and when you try to broach it it’ s like, “But this thing; it won’ t end.”" patient: "I’ll call. I’ll see if I can come up with something for you guys. MOTHER: I still think I should be able to call. FATHER: I just don’ t want you to call because if it gets back to him that she calls, he could get violent on her . MOTHER: But they never even call him. He keeps saying he’ s out of the loop, but everybody else is in the loop. I don’ t think there even is a frigging loop. FATHER: Be careful not to use his name so they don’ t generate . . ." mental health assistant: "I’ll just say “a client.” I won’ t tell them who you are. Okay . I guess we should wrap up. FATHER: Do you want to try to get a time?" patient: "Yes, certainly . FATHER: How was your Thanksgiving?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Actually quite nice. I went up to Rhode Island. My mom is still alive. She’ s 92. MOTHER: Wow. FATHER: Bless her . These people that we saw the other night were remarkable people, Walter. MOTHER: They were. FATHER: They have this third child, 40 years plus, in their house and it’ s like – what wonderful people. They’re just trying to help him in any way they can. How do we deal with this? And the connection we made with them was remarkable. It was all just like “wow , you guys are amazing.”', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling a bit caught in the middle, trying to find a way to support your family while also ensuring everyone's safety.  That must be incredibly stressful.  Can you tell me more about what's making you feel this way right now? What specifically is causing you the most concern?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'It was good, thank you. I ate too much and had a good time. It was very relaxed, actually . I had a long time with my dad, a lengthy private conversation that I was happy with. I’m glad he and I had that. I feel like the Thanksgiving after my dad died was very stressful and I was working; I feel like I didn’ t have the luxury to just relax and be with my mother , so that was nice.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I’ll call. I’ll see if I can come up with something for you guys. MOTHER: I still think I should be able to call. FATHER: I just don’ t want you to call because if it gets back to him that she calls, he could get violent on her . MOTHER: But they never even call him. He keeps saying he’ s out of the loop, but everybody else is in the loop. I don’ t think there even is a frigging loop. FATHER: Be careful not to use his name so they don’ t generate . . ." patient: "I’ll just say “a client.” I won’ t tell them who you are. Okay . I guess we should wrap up. FATHER: Do you want to try to get a time?" mental health assistant: "Yes, certainly . FATHER: How was your Thanksgiving?" patient: "Actually quite nice. I went up to Rhode Island. My mom is still alive. She’ s 92. MOTHER: Wow. FATHER: Bless her . These people that we saw the other night were remarkable people, Walter. MOTHER: They were. FATHER: They have this third child, 40 years plus, in their house and it’ s like – what wonderful people. They’re just trying to help him in any way they can. How do we deal with this? And the connection we made with them was remarkable. It was all just like “wow , you guys are amazing.”" ', 'therapist_result': 'But you guys are going to have things in common with people with special kids. FATHER: That’ s true. So the event is the second Monday in January . FYI. We’re seeing Dr . Bingham on January 7th. MOTHER: That’ s not true. It’ s the second Monday of the month. It’ s December , so it’ s whatever the second Monday in December is. FATHER: Yeah, it’ s next Monday . MOTHER: And then it will be the second Monday in January . FATHER: Exactly . I’m sorry . I got that wrong.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so it sounds like you had a lovely Thanksgiving, which is wonderful to hear.  That\'s a positive thing to focus on amidst what seems to be a complex and stressful situation.  \n\nIt also sounds like you\'re grappling with a difficult family dynamic, involving a "client" and potential safety concerns. You\'re trying to navigate this delicately, and you\'ve already shown great thoughtfulness by protecting identities.  That\'s really responsible of you.\n\nTell me more about your feelings regarding this situation. What specifically is making this difficult for you right now? What are the biggest challenges you\'re facing?  And what is it about the example of the family you met that makes you think about how to deal with your own family\'s challenges?  What aspects of their approach resonate with you?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Incredible. Good for them. And, as I said, it’ s an unfortunate situation, but it’ s an opportunity for growth for him, I think, even if he doesn’ t see it that way . I mean, he is in a position now where he can – there is no longer the structure around him of who is supposed to provide. It’ s a chance for him to actually define himself in some way that doesn’ t rely on that, you know?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Well, it would upset me if I what upsets me is stuf f like when I say , \'hey , here are the ways that she\'s being rude to me, it makes me uncomfortable being around her ,\' the general reaction is that that\'s just the way she is and people have been helpful only in the sense that they say , here\'s how we handle her behavior , and all of the ways are just you know , stuf f like, oh well, we just try to make sure that if we spend time with them we do it in a neutral setting or at her house. Or , what I do is I don\'t say anything and then I vent about it. It\'s just sort of like here\'s how to deal with her without challenging her directly and I feel like in a lot of ways the family is accommodating her . I don\'t necessarily think it\'s about a thing. She is really messed up in a lot of ways and so what Brian was referring to earlier is that there are two problems with her . One is that she is really rude and generally an unkind person. And the other one is that she is just really annoying. And it can sometimes be really hard to separate the two because she\'s really annoying. But I mean, the annoying stuf f doesn\'t bother me so much I mean she\'s not being rude if she screams because there\'s a mouse. And I think it\'s annoying that she won\'t watch black and white movies but it\'s not rude. I won\'t watch "Who Framed Roger Rabbit?"" patient: "But it\'s just that I feel like the family is much, much more concerned about making accommodations for her than they are about setting boundaries or I don\'t know , sort of I just feel like there is so much concern over accommodating her behavior that I\'m expected to do it too, even when I don\'t think that\'s appropriate. MALE CLIENT : Well I think the statement that was really rude is a pretty extreme one, at least. I don\'t know I don\'t think I\'ve said it to more than a handful of people in my life." mental health assistant: "Well, it\'s awkward. MALE CLIENT : Yeah." patient: "What else are you going to say? MALE CLIENT : She\'s probably one of them." ', 'therapist_result': "Now you're talking and I'm interrupting you but as Amber's talking, what are you thinking? You look kind of deep in thought. MALE CLIENT : I guess I'm trying to figure out why it's Candace that we're focused on. I don't think the situation is like I know it's dif ferent and it's unique because it's unique with any individual member of the family , but it seems like there are analogs for most of it all over the place. And I don't understand why Candace is always the focus.", 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling frustrated and unheard.  You\'ve expressed concerns about someone\'s rude behavior, and instead of addressing the rudeness directly, the response has been to suggest ways to accommodate her behavior.  It sounds like you\'re left feeling like *you* are expected to adapt to her, rather than her behavior being addressed.  Is that a fair assessment of the situation?\n\nIt sounds incredibly disheartening to feel that your concerns aren’t being taken seriously, and instead, the focus is on managing the situation rather than addressing the root issue.  Can you tell me more about how this makes you feel? What specific emotions are you experiencing beyond frustration?  \n\nYou mentioned that you\'ve only shared this with a few people, which suggests this is something quite personal and potentially difficult to talk about.  It takes a lot of courage to share these feelings.  I want to validate that.  Feeling unheard and unsupported in a family situation can be incredibly isolating and painful.\n\nAnd you mentioned that you feel that the family is more concerned about accommodating her behavior than about setting boundaries. Can you describe a specific example where you felt this way?  What were you hoping would happen in that situation, and how did it differ from what actually happened?\n\nIt also seems like you\'re trying to distinguish between annoying behaviors and rude behaviors, which is a really insightful observation.  This helps to clarify your concerns and focus on the specific behaviors that are truly causing distress.  Can you tell me more about what makes the difference between "annoying" and "rude" for you in this situation?  This will help us to understand the situation more deeply.\n', 'finetuned_result': "Well, I think it is both, you're being awkward and I think it's just not what you tend to think of. It's not how you tend to communicate. And I think it's both that she's really unkind, an extremely unkind person to you, and I think you also have this sort of capacity to accommodate. And that's not just because of her , I think it has a lot to do with your own sort of expectations and wishes that at least the way you've described it in here, that those would be met."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But I feel like - MALE CLIENT : That\'s kind of a like, record scratch, everybody stops talking moment." patient: "I feel like she would have to do something like close to I\'m just wondering at what point does she do something that\'s so socially unacceptable and so rude that you would say , oh, okay I guess we could speak up. You know ." mental health assistant: "Do you feel that Brian is choosing his family over you?" patient: "I don\'t think it\'s as simple as that. I think he feels safer having me be upset than having his family be upset which is on one hand a good thing because it speaks to the strength of our relationship that we feel okay if we do or say something that upsets the other one that it\'s not going to result in a huge rift. But at the same time I do feel like it\'s coming at at this point there\'s a continuing problem and I\'ve asked for some accommodations or some favors regarding it and I feel that\'s not something that we\'re going to compromise on." ', 'therapist_result': "Do you feel like if Candace did not come up anymore, do you guys feel you have other issues in the relationship? In your relationship or is she the issue? : [00:37:45 00:37:51] MALE CLIENT : I mean if we ever have a fight again, for me it's my issue is when we have fights. They feel irresolvable and I try to avoid them so heavily that I'm worried at some point that I'm going to start just avoiding issues entirely .", 'base_result': 'Okay, so it sounds like you\'re in a tricky situation with Brian and his family.  You\'re saying that while your relationship is strong enough to withstand disagreements, you feel like Brian prioritizes avoiding conflict with his family over addressing a persistent issue that\'s affecting you.  That must be really frustrating.\n\nCan you tell me a little more about this "continuing problem"? What exactly is it that\'s causing you such distress?  And what kind of accommodations or favors have you asked for?  I want to understand the specifics of the situation from your perspective.\n\nAlso, you mentioned a threshold for speaking up – a point where his family\'s behavior becomes so unacceptable that you\'d feel justified in intervening.  What would that look like, in your mind?  What kind of actions or words would cross that line?  Exploring this might help us pinpoint what feels unbearable and what steps you might want to consider.\n\nFinally, it sounds like you\'re grappling with a lot of complex feelings here – frustration, perhaps even feeling a bit unheard or unimportant.  It’s okay to feel all of these things.  Can you tell me more about how those feelings manifest for you?  What does it *feel* like in your body and mind when you\'re experiencing these emotions?\n', 'finetuned_result': "Okay . I think it's a pretty big deal that he won't even address with you how he's feeling about your family which is why I think you feel so frustrated because that's part of it. Like my gosh if he could just talk to me about it. If he would say , I'm sorry , I get a little freaked out by your family or it really bothers me that you don't seem to get over it. It really pisses me of f or whatever . I mean just something to acknowledge that he's having some stuf f and it's a big piece of why he's not going to -"},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah. MALE CLIENT : I don\'t know if it\'s just the time or if -" patient: "Well, I think part of it is accountability which is and it sounds kind of silly , but knowing that we\'re going to come here and talk about things makes me at least more likely how to figure out on our own, what\'s been going wrong. Which isn\'t to say that if we stopped coming here the fights would start again, but I think it\'s a learning experience like okay , I don\'t want to have to go in and talk about a fight that I can barely remember so why don\'t we just try to figure this out? And I think it\'s worked out pretty well and I think that part of what\'s helped me, I think, is that you don\'t always talk about what you need until I\'ve already told you what I need. If that makes any sense. Like last night you basically said, look, I\'m not going to call them. Here\'s why . Here\'s why I told you I would and I\'m sorry I did that, but you know . MALE CLIENT : I convinced myself that I was going to do it." mental health assistant: "But you told me what you needed and what you needed me to stop doing and start doing. You told me that and it was I think I think that really helped because for so much of our relationship it\'s me telling you what I need. MALE CLIENT : But honestly , I feel like if we had this ar gument a month ago I would have said, here\'s what I need from you and you would have said, that\'s completely unfair and it would have turned into a fight and once it turns into a fight you know , at that point I could just relinquish everything and say , all right, I\'ll call the doctor tomorrow . I\'ll take the day of f and once we get there, it doesn\'t matter anymore. It\'s still just this uncontrollable thing that never ends. But that didn\'t happen this time. I don\'t know what the dif ference was. I don\'t know what changed between when we were fighting and I think there have been some other times in between where we\'ve had discussions and it\'s been fine." patient: "Yeah. MALE CLIENT : So it\'s not like this was a one-time thing. I think something changed. I just don\'t know what it was." ', 'therapist_result': "And I asked that question not because I mean, Candace's deeply troubling to you and I certainly don't want to minimize that and I think there's sort of a lot  I imagine, as I've said before, as a practical matter and then what she represents or means and means for the two of you and mean about Brian's family , so I just want to sort of clarify it. I didn't ask that to say , well let's talk about something important. But I just wanted to sort of understand better how you guys are thinking about what your difficulties are.", 'base_result': "That's a really insightful observation. You've noticed a significant shift in how you and your partner handle disagreements, and you're rightly curious about what caused that change.  It's commendable that you're reflecting on this and trying to understand the positive shift.\n\nCan you tell me more about what feels different this time compared to previous arguments?  What specific behaviors or reactions felt different, either from yourself or your partner? What aspects of the discussions in between fights might have contributed to this positive change?  \n\nIt sounds like the accountability of coming here to talk has been a significant factor. Can you expand on that? What specifically about this process has helped you learn and grow?  And you mentioned that my approach of not immediately offering solutions, but listening to your needs first, has been helpful.  Can you elaborate on why that feels different and more effective than past approaches?  What did it feel like to be heard and understood before solutions were suggested?\n", 'finetuned_result': "I think it has to do with what I was saying before about, for example, when you said you were disappointed to me with the calls to the doctor . Not just because it was a nice thing to say but because it's recognizing that the relationship isn't perfect. It's a kind of mature and fair and honestly kind of new thing to say that there are things that don't work and that that can be hard, not to be inflammatory or hurtful, but challenging. I think that's what's helped a lot."},