{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "When is your most productive time?  Do you have a sense of when you think best or write best?" patient: "Yeah, it\'s probably night time. I\'m a total night owl. I know that I could just stay up all night...I didn\'t stay up all night, I stayed up until like 1 1:30, no sorry 1:30 and actually I was working until one, then I sort of might need some decompression." mental health assistant: "Yeah ." patient: "I\'m...I think also it might make sense if I do dance in the morning cause then..." ', 'therapist_result': "Working with your rhythm of what fits for you will probably make the most impact. So not trying to fight what you need, what worked for you but kind of figuring out what it is and then fitting your schedule around that. It sounds like you need some time to see people, whether that's going into your office or taking dance or something else it sounds like staying home, working from home all day without taking a break, isn't", 'base_result': "Okay, so you mentioned feeling the need for some decompression after working until 1:00 AM, and then staying up until 1:30 AM.  That sounds really demanding. Can you tell me more about what that decompression looks like and what you need to feel like you've properly decompressed?  And what kind of work were you doing?\n\n\nYou also mentioned the possibility of dancing in the morning.  That sounds interesting. Can you expand on that idea a little? What does that feel like to you? What are you hoping to achieve by dancing in the morning?  Is it something you think would help with the late nights, or is it something separate?\n\n\nIt seems like you're navigating a balance between your natural rhythm (being a night owl) and the demands of your schedule.  It's understandable to feel conflicted when those things clash.  What are some of the challenges you're facing in balancing these things?  And what are some things that might make it easier to manage?\n", 'finetuned_result': "Well and I think I have a sense too that, I don't know . Do you feel like it's hard to like...even if it's not hard to think in the mornings, do you feel like it's harder to think in the mornings? Or even just harder to settle in to writing in the mornings? Like it takes longer to sort of get your head in the game?  Is that?"},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "He\'s trying to avoid disapproval?" patient: "Yes  so I think I\'m more active, I\'m more like I guess positive about  obeying someone and he\'s more like really active in seeking sort of, yet not getting disapproved and seeking acceptance from his family by not being disapproved." mental health assistant: "Do you know what it is that seems objectionable about meeting online?" patient: "I know that there\'s a societal sort of stigma to it because it seems like you...I don\'t see what\'s wrong with it cause I think, I personally thought, for people who were working all day , we barely have time to get out and we do our own sort of exercise routine. It\'s really hard to meet people and I sort of...I guess the thing is I don\'t see online dating as anything stigmatized. How is it any dif ferent than looking on Facebook? I guess that\'s more creepy too, that\'s stalking  but I don\'t see anything wrong with online dating and I think it\'s more like...it makes me really happy like that eHarmony .com worked for me and we should be a success story for eHarmony .com." ', 'therapist_result': "Yeah, yeah. It's interesting that even where you are today that you know , you're in this relationship that's looking toward marriage, that you hold on to feeling ashamed of how you met. I feel a little bit sad for him and sad for you that you can't celebrate your story . I mean your story is that you guys were looking for someone, you found each other online, it's a great romantic story .", 'base_result': "Okay, so you feel your partner is excessively focused on avoiding his family's disapproval, and this is causing you some concern.  You're also feeling strongly that there's nothing wrong with online dating, particularly given your busy lives and its success in your relationship.  It sounds like you're experiencing a bit of frustration and maybe even some defensiveness about your choice to meet online.\n\nCan you tell me more about what aspects of his behavior feel like he's *excessively* focused on avoiding disapproval?  What specifically makes you feel that way?\n", 'finetuned_result': "I mean I don't see it like...it's not a big deal. You're saying that you don't see it that way but that's dif ferent than  you say , that's an issue for a lot of people and it's what makes a lot of people feel a lot of shame about online dating. It's not that I...you're saying, well, it is an issue but I don't see it. I see it as a very dif ferent kind of issue than the issues that we've been talking about with your family ."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So the value of the time versus the value of the product..." patient: "Yeah." mental health assistant: "For her it didn\'t seem worth it anymore, to use that amount of time on that?" patient: "Yeah she would rather be watching a TV show or like there\'s lots of time to be gained from not obsessing too much." ', 'therapist_result': 'So you can start maybe to figure out what is it worth to you and is there something else that would be more worth that time? With the same kind of question you use for hand washing, if you feel like you want to wash your hands, you used to ask yourself "Is this really necessary? Is this what I really want to be doing with my time?" Sometimes it was yes it\'s really necessary to wash right now and sometimes it was maybe not. You can do the same thing with looking in the mirror or taking a shower or deciding that you\'re going to work from home all day . This is what I really want, is this what I need right now? You might find that "Y ep I need to be looking in the mirror right now , doing my hair" or you might find "No I actually would be better of f talking to a friend or reading an article..."', 'base_result': 'Okay, so it sounds like you\'re understanding what\'s happening with her – that the time investment in [whatever activity she\'s obsessing over] feels disproportionate to the reward she gets from it.  That makes a lot of sense.  It\'s completely understandable to feel that way.  It\'s exhausting to spend so much time on something that doesn\'t feel fulfilling in the end.\n\nCan you tell me more about what she finds more fulfilling than this activity?  You mentioned TV shows – is there something specific about watching TV that makes it feel more worthwhile to her? Or is it just the general feeling of relaxation and less mental effort?\n\nAnd when you say "obsessing too much," what exactly does that look like?  What are some of the specific thoughts or behaviors associated with this obsession?  It’s okay to be as detailed or as brief as you feel comfortable with.\n\nFinally,  what are her feelings about this situation? It sounds like she’s frustrated, but are there other emotions involved?  Is she feeling guilty, anxious, or something else entirely? Helping her identify and understand those feelings is a really important step.\n', 'finetuned_result': "Okay so the time is valuable. Why not use it in something that feels good. It doesn't feel good obsessing about... for her. It feels good watching a TV show. It feels good hanging out with friends, it feels good relaxing, it feels good doing the minimum for school. That makes sense."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "For her it didn\'t seem worth it anymore, to use that amount of time on that?" patient: "Yeah she would rather be watching a TV show or like there\'s lots of time to be gained from not obsessing too much." mental health assistant: "So you can start maybe to figure out what is it worth to you and is there something else that would be more worth that time? With the same kind of question you use for hand washing, if you feel like you want to wash your hands, you used to ask yourself "Is this really necessary? Is this what I really want to be doing with my time?" Sometimes it was yes it\'s really necessary to wash right now and sometimes it was maybe not. You can do the same thing with looking in the mirror or taking a shower or deciding that you\'re going to work from home all day . This is what I really want, is this what I need right now? You might find that "Y ep I need to be looking in the mirror right now , doing my hair" or you might find "No I actually would be better of f talking to a friend or reading an article..."" patient: "Putting the hair in the ponytail and going to dance!" ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. So I think it\'s kind of just double checking with yourself "Am I putting time into what I really want to put my time into? Is this feeding me back the way I want it to? Or is it getting in the way of doing whatever I want to do?"  It\'s not that spending time on your physical appearance is inherently good or inherently bad its balancing. Is it getting in the way of taking care of yourself in other ways or is it providing you something?', 'base_result': "That sounds fantastic!  Dancing sounds like a really fun and energizing activity.  It seems like you've identified something that brings you joy and is a better use of your time than some of the other things you were doing.  \n\nThat said, I'm curious, what made you decide dancing was a better option than, say, looking in the mirror or fixing your hair excessively? What was it about the thought of dancing that felt so right in that moment?  Can you tell me more about that feeling?\n", 'finetuned_result': "...there might be more important things. But at least it's your choice. [00:02:17] It might change over the course of the day . You might be working on stuf f and feel like I better look in the mirror one more time and then you might think, actually there might be better use of my time. But at least it's your conscious decision."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "How would you feel after you ate?" patient: "Not great." mental health assistant: "Like physically , or did you feel guilty?" patient: "I think kind of guilty , but then, when I started having my stomach problems when I was 19, what would happen is I would wake up the mornings after eating late at night and be sick to my stomach. So it turned into a physical thing. But yeah, I would feel guilty , but if I kept eating, then I didn\'t feel guilty . So then I started eating more and more and more, because the longer I was eating for , the longer it was going to be before I started feeling embarrassed and guilty . So I think that\'s what happened in Geneva, like the more food I brought back to my little studio, the longer I\'d occupy myself eating it, the longer I could have that period of happiness, before I felt like oh, God, I can\'t believe I just did that again." ', 'therapist_result': "What you're describing, it sort of changed over time, but this very close relationship with your emotions, with what you take in your body , and then sort of how you manage your emotions. And it's sort of morphed into something dif ferent now , but there's still that link. Now it's developed into an anxiety around it, an anxiety around what you're taking into your body . Even though it doesn't sound like it's an anxiety with food, but it sounds like that one experience -", 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying that the guilt you feel after eating is tied to a long history of physical discomfort and sickness that started when you were 19.  It sounds like you\'ve developed a complex relationship with food, where eating becomes a way to postpone or avoid those feelings of guilt and discomfort.  Is that a fair assessment?\n\nAnd it seems like in Geneva, the act of bringing back a lot of food and eating it slowly was a way to extend that period of feeling happy before the guilt sets in.  Can you tell me more about what that "happiness" feels like? What specifically are you experiencing during that time, besides the act of eating?  And what are you feeling *before* you start eating – what\'s happening in your mind and body then?\n\nIt sounds like you\'ve been incredibly resourceful in finding ways to cope, even if they\'re not sustainable in the long run.  It takes a lot of strength to acknowledge this pattern and share it with me.  What are your thoughts about perhaps exploring healthier ways to manage those feelings of guilt and discomfort, and finding sources of happiness that don\'t involve food?\n', 'finetuned_result': "When you were a kid, one of the main dif ferences between your mom and your dad was that your dad was fairly volatile. He would get upset, he would get angry , he would get loud, and you were very sensitive around him. Your mom was very soothing, very kind, very sweet, and you could always count on her. I wonder if the guilt you feel over eating a lot of stuf f, besides it being sort of the moral injunction from your mother about not wasting stuf f and not doing things just for yourself, is it partly a fear of being angry , a fear of letting yourself go? Do you worry , when you're eating a lot, that somehow it's a kind of letting go that might make your dad be upset at you or be loud at you or be critical?"},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "And I recognized just the screaming and yelling that’ s going on inside. And it’ s like I know that the only way that I was able to get through those kind of things in the past is just to shut down. [00:1 1:09] You know what? I recognize that it doesn’ t make any dif ference what relationship you’re in. I mean, there are some things we go and we do because they’re an obligation." mental health assistant: "Sure." patient: "And you do it and you get through it and blah, blah, blah. You know? And not everything has to be, you know , that, you know , you always have to be in this place with me. “W ell, if I don’ t feel like doing it, I’m not going to go do it.” I think. I don’ t know ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Right. Because that’ s not how relationships work. But it’ s interesting that you should bring up Gestalt because... And I don’ t know how much you know about Gestalt. Do... A little bit. Okay . There’ s a personality structure in Gestalt that talks about peeling back the layers. Right? The first one is I think the phony layer and the second one is the phobic layer . Right? You know , and you peel back... There’ s the implosive and the explosive... I can’ t remember all of them. But then, you know , that’ s the whole purpose of gestalt therapy , to increase awareness. I actually showed a video of Fritz Perl  last night in class. So it’ s interesting that this should come up today . You know , and he talks about body awareness and wholeness. But you peel back the layers and then you have the genuine authentic self which is something that’ s very hard to do and be. Right? And you’re talking in so many words about peeling back the layers and not being able to take the phony , phobic layer . And I want to take you back a bit when you first came in and I asked you if you liked your wife. And that was a question that was so hard for you to look at. You kind of pushed it away and you kind of pushed back kind of not wanting to look at the anger . And you’ve really moved really quickly to sort of not being able to tolerate any phoniness, fakeness, something that’s not real for you.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're describing a lot of internal turmoil, a feeling of screaming and yelling inside.  It sounds incredibly intense. Can you tell me more about what's triggering this feeling?  What specifically is making you feel like you need to shut down?\n", 'finetuned_result': '[inaudible] . The way I’ve heard you say that is that you sort of [sounded] in this place of obligations and responsibilities. [00:12:1 1] Sure. [It is] a little dif ferent than if we’re talking about the relationship. And I think it sounds to me in a way like it’ s almost easier. [It sounds] almost like it’ s easier to be burdened by obligations. The burdens easier than the pleasures.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Right." patient: "And then it’ s like, you know ... So...  I recognize that, you know , in kind of retrospect, the first... Maybe me now would have been able to go in and say , “Yeah. You know what? I need to decline this because I can’t do this.”" mental health assistant: "Right. But you couldn’ t at the time." patient: "No." ', 'therapist_result': 'But, you know , this is as much a surprise to you as much as anybody else. This is the you that that kind of thing, I think you’re going through a period of transition. And when one person, as you know , in a family changes, everybody has to change. But is it screwing up someone else’ s life? Your wife would probably say yes. But I think there’ s a dif ferent interpretation of that because you were dying. Right? I remember actively thinking after some of our early sessions that, you know , what your potential was, you know , and the fact that I just felt so much for you because I saw you dying.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying that looking back, you see a way you could have handled things differently in that situation. You could have said "no" and declined the request.  That makes a lot of sense. It\'s often easier to see clearer solutions in retrospect.  Can you tell me more about what made it difficult to say "no" at the time?  What were you feeling then?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'And you also...  There’ s another element there, Brian, where there’ s, you know...  I mean that it’ s so much better for you not to be doing that, but there’ s also a way that it gets to play it out, which is that some part of you is actually kind of motivated by the desire to please. Like to, you know , “I... They asked me to do it.”'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Right. But you couldn’ t at the time." patient: "No." mental health assistant: "But, you know , this is as much a surprise to you as much as anybody else. This is the you that that kind of thing, I think you’re going through a period of transition. And when one person, as you know , in a family changes, everybody has to change. But is it screwing up someone else’ s life? Your wife would probably say yes. But I think there’ s a dif ferent interpretation of that because you were dying. Right? I remember actively thinking after some of our early sessions that, you know , what your potential was, you know , and the fact that I just felt so much for you because I saw you dying." patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'Right? And not wanting to be emotionally dead anymore but sort of really struggling with not only admitting your own truth but what it means to who you say you are. Right? And I think that’ s the process that’ s being challenged here. Who you say you are you have always been this person. But you haven’ t always felt safe enough.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're acknowledging that things have been difficult, and that this change has been unexpected for everyone involved.  That must be incredibly challenging.  Can you tell me more about what aspects of this transition have been the most difficult for you?  What specifically feels like it’s “screwing up someone else’s life,” in your words? And how do you feel about that?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'But you’re going through a lot of transition, and I think that transitional phase, it is difficult for somebody else to be in it with you, and it is difficult for you. And this is a transition out of that. This is the first kind of day to day in a while that you’re actually not in a transition, I think.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "...it’ s like, “W ell, I’ve got authentic relationships with all of these people don’ t I?”" mental health assistant: "Sure." patient: "It’s just that for whatever reason, you know , and I’m sure the list is long, I can’ t be authentic in this marriage." ', 'therapist_result': 'Well, you are now .  And that’ s not... That’ s a combination of two people as well as a culture, a family culture, a couple culture. That’ s not just you. That was the agreed upon contract and when you changed the contract, everything has to change. But both of you for years agreed upon that contract.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying you have close, genuine relationships with people outside your marriage, but you feel unable to be authentically yourself within your marriage. That sounds incredibly frustrating and possibly quite painful.  Can you tell me more about what makes it difficult to be authentic in your marriage?  What specifically feels inauthentic to you?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I mean, I think it’s a very complicated question, but I think in part, maybe in large part, I think you look for the answer in the wrong place. I think it’s not so much an answer in your marriage, I mean the answer might be in part, but I think the question of, “W hy can’ t I be authentic in this marriage?” or more importantly , “W hy don’ t I feel like I can be authentic in this marriage?” is much more a question about you and your needs and history and development than it is a question about your marriage.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Sure." patient: "It’s just that for whatever reason, you know , and I’m sure the list is long, I can’ t be authentic in this marriage." mental health assistant: "Well, you are now .  And that’ s not... That’ s a combination of two people as well as a culture, a family culture, a couple culture. That’ s not just you. That was the agreed upon contract and when you changed the contract, everything has to change. But both of you for years agreed upon that contract." patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'The problem is you want to renegotiate the terms of maybe you want to walk away from the contract altogether and that’ s what’ s different. And you know what? As sad and as painful... As excruciatingly painful as it is and what this means to your life and hers, you have a right to do that. You do have a right to do that.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you've said you can't be authentic in your marriage.  That sounds incredibly difficult.  Can you tell me more about what that feels like for you?  What specifically makes it hard to be yourself in this relationship?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Well, we don’ t have a lot of time, but I want to say that there are afew things that I find really remarkable about you. One is your honesty . I don’ t mean just saying, “Yeah, I had an affair .” What I mean is your ability to say, “I’m totally scared to death to tell her because I’m scared of what she might do, but I know that I have to." That... It’ s astonishing to me, especially given how poorly you were treated in the past and the shame that you still feel. What I’m getting at is, that’ s amazing that you can be so honest with yourself and then with her and that your ... I admire your commitment to her as well, you know , to the marriage. You’re committed to it. And even though... It’ s stressful, but you’re committed to it and it’ s an ongoing process, and I think that’ s really ... I think that’ s really something. And so, I think it’ s really something that you’re wrestling with and that you’re trying to move forward and I think that it’ s... I think that it’ s admirable how much you’ve told her and not to be confused with... I’m not equating it with betrayal, but I think that...  There’ s a reason you’re so scared to tell her everything. I think she’ s really scared to hear it, too, and I think she’ s really scared to know it and I think she’ s really scared about where it’ s going to go from here.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Sure. Right." patient: "And it’ s like... I get it. You know? “I’m not meeting that picture so you don’ t get anything.”" mental health assistant: "Well, you know , this is not a matter of rightness or wrongness." patient: "I know ." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think that’ s the most frustrating part of it. So if you do say , yes, you’re a selfish bastard, the... Now what? You know? We could look at it and put blame on both sides. I don’ t think it’ s about blame. Her perspective is valid from her perspective and yours is valid from yours. But you can’ t go back to the way things were. It... You can’ t. You can’ t physically . You can’ t emotionally . You can’ t psychologically . You can’ t. Like, you know , sometimes once you just break it, it’ s broken. Right? Now , it doesn’ t mean you can’ t put it back together if that’s what you want. But that’ s a break in there. And you can’ t... You refuse to go back to it like that. You know? And it seems like, from at least what you’re telling me, every statement she makes is confirmation that she doesn’ t get you. She just wants to hold onto the marriage because it paints a pretty picture. Right? But it’ s an empty marriage from your perspective. So what picture is that? And the picture, in some ways, is soul destroying for you because it’ s just a picture. You know , I think you gave the analogy of saying, you know , “This is not a marriage bed. So what difference does it mean if I go upstairs? It hasn’ t been a marriage bed in a long time.”', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you said, "I get it.  You know? ‘I’m not meeting that picture so you don’t get anything.’"  Can you tell me more about that picture? What does that picture represent to you?  What does it feel like to not meet that expectation?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'It’s a matter of... In a way , like,  it’s a touch and go sort of proposition.  And for you, I think, a little more than most.  In that... It’s almost like it’ s... You have a little more trouble  with a... I’m not saying the home run.  But the two base hit.  If you know what I mean? Like a two base hit.  You know? Where you, like, get some of your need met. But not all. You know? Where you’re not sort of... You get... I don’ t know . You’re not as... I think a lot of people have that problem.  But...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah, and, you know , I mean, I believe that people can change and I believe that people can see one another even through the toughest times if that’ s the desired point. Right? If that’ s where you want to get to. But you’re in the process of deciding if that’ s what you want to do." patient: "I know ." mental health assistant: "Right?" patient: "I know ." ', 'therapist_result': 'And when you said two times, “I want out. I don’ t... This isn’ t working. I want out...” Those are pretty powerful statements to be making. Those are statements you haven’ t made before. You have hinted at it. You know , you have kind of touched it a little bit. But, in your own gestalt exercise, you said it to the chair and you said it in here.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you say you know.  That tells me you're aware of something significant. Can you tell me more about what you know? What specifically is it that you're aware of right now?  It sounds like there's a lot going on internally.  What are some of the thoughts and feelings you're experiencing?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'And so I think the way that I see it is that, like, the most important thing for us to figure out is whether or not you’re on board with this project. The next thing is how you’re going to manage it, but I think if you’re not on board with it, like, we’re not going to be able to do it, at least not with you. You know , like, I can’ t make you on board.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Marriage counseling." patient: "Am I really being authentic because it’ s like... I really felt like the best answer or the only answer I could give this guy last week was, “Here’ s what I got. You know? We just need to get shit out on the table.”" mental health assistant: "How is that not authentic?" patient: "Because I think that underneath it, you know , there’ s just this deep sense of, “I don’ t think this is going to work.”" ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. And you know what? I think it’ s sort of not about whether it works or whether it doesn’ t. In some ways, it’ s about the process. And you have to be able to look yourself in the mirror . And maybe part of being able to look yourself in the mirror is to do due diligence in the relationship.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling unsure about your authenticity in expressing your frustrations to your husband. You said something direct, "Here\'s what I got. We need to get shit out on the table," but you feel like a deeper, more significant feeling – "I don\'t think this is going to work" –  is hidden underneath.  \n\nCan you tell me more about that feeling? What specifically makes you doubt whether this marriage will work?  And what does "authenticity" mean to you in this context?  Is it about expressing every single feeling perfectly, or is it something else?  Maybe it’s about being honest with yourself and your partner, even if it\'s uncomfortable.  What would it look like for you to express that deeper feeling in a way that feels more authentic to you?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . I guess I mean this is not about getting the marriage counseling. The question is whether the marriage counseling is going to work. I guess I think that part of why it is hard to think about, is because you tend to think about it in terms of what the answer is, and then what that means about your authenticity . Which is to say that... I don’ t know what to call it. You know? It’ s like you are stuck on the level of answer . You know? Or answer or story . Like, “What’ s the story about whether this is going to work or not?” And then what does that mean about me? And...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "How is that not authentic?" patient: "Because I think that underneath it, you know , there’ s just this deep sense of, “I don’ t think this is going to work.”" mental health assistant: "Yeah. And you know what? I think it’ s sort of not about whether it works or whether it doesn’ t. In some ways, it’ s about the process. And you have to be able to look yourself in the mirror . And maybe part of being able to look yourself in the mirror is to do due diligence in the relationship." patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'So you still remain true to yourself but going to counseling, whether it works or doesn’ t... Right? I still think... Remember , we talked about on the phone a dif ferent one possibly . It’s sort of like... You guys have been married for almost thirty years. And in some ways, if this is ending, you have to see it to its end so that when you’re done, if this is the course that it’ s taking, you say , “You know what? I tried and the answer was still the same for me.” Right? So although it may seem like, you know , “I don’ t know if this is going to work...” You know , a lot of couples feel that way when they go into counseling. You know , and although I don’ t think there’ s going to be some miracle and everything’ s going to be perfect... I don’ t believe that things work like that. You have to do your due diligence and I think that’ s why you’re doing it.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying you feel like there\'s a disconnect between what you\'re presenting to the outside world and a deeper feeling of uncertainty about the relationship\'s success.  That makes sense. It\'s quite common to feel that way sometimes. Can you tell me more about what that "deep sense" feels like? What specifically makes you think it won\'t work?  Is it a feeling of dread, anxiety, or something else entirely?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'And maybe, you know , the more you can say what it is and allow it to be said between you, the better you can then get in touch with whether it’ s a yes or a no. I mean, this is what it is to be alive. And this is also what it is to be alive with somebody else. I mean, in a way , you’re not very clear about what it is you want. And it’ s because you have this fear that it’ s not going to work. So, there’ s a way in which you’re not very clear about it.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Right." patient: "And now it’ s like, “W ell, where are you? Why aren’ t you here?”" mental health assistant: "Sure. But again, the contract has changed. See before, both of you were doing that. Right? She with all the kind of commitments with music stuf f and with Lisa, right, and you in school. Right? And are you running away or are you getting space? Because it’ s..." patient: "Oh it’ s space." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. So before I would have said, “Y eah, I can see where you could see that as running away because you’re running away from dealing.” But you’re constantly dealing with it now . It ain’ t going anywhere. I mean, it’ s constant. It’ s with you when you sleep. It’ s with you when you’re here. You know , you are having conversations about it. So I don’ t see it as running away .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying it's about needing space.  That makes sense. Can you tell me more about what kind of space you need?  What does that feel like for you?  Is it space from her, from the commitments, from everything, or a combination?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah, but it’ s subtle. Like I think in a way with a lot of this, like if you said, “Okay , well why don’ t I just go do it?” then that would be a contract change, but if you said, “Okay , well I’m going to go do the music thing,” then I think that’ s a subtle way that you are taking space from the contract with Jennie.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You mean leave the relationship?" patient: "Yeah." mental health assistant: "Why is that the most empathetic thing?" patient: "Because maybe it would actually force her , you know , to deal with some issues. I don’ t know . Because right now it’ s like, you know , she’ s just grasping at whatever little thing she can grasp onto. It’ s like... You know , she said something to me the other night. And I’m like, “I didn’ t give you any indication, outside of the fact that I’ve like let up on some of the anger ...” Because it’ s just really hard, you know , to be in that place of anger all the time. And, you know , it’s like just ask the question. “How are you doing?” You know , and I feel like, you know , I backed of f of the anger a little bit and just asked the question, “How are you doing?” And it’ s like she’ s interpreting that as, “W ell, at least we’re both committed to fixing up the relationship.” I’m like..." ', 'therapist_result': 'But that’ s the very reason why you can’ t, you don’ t want to go home because home, once again, you know , this sort of needy representation... You know , before she was ignoring you. You had a pat on the head or a kiss on the cheek. And now she’ s home but it’ s, you know ... I’m wondering if you sort of don’ t see it as superficial, a little too late. And, you know , it’s almost like you have an aversive reaction to it because, you know , it’s so skims the surface, desperation to hold onto what?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re considering leaving the relationship because you feel like your partner isn\'t taking responsibility for addressing some underlying issues.  It sounds like you\'ve tried to communicate your concerns, even softening your approach, and yet your attempts are being misinterpreted.  That must be incredibly frustrating.\n\nCan you tell me more about what issues you feel need addressing?  What specifically are you hoping she would deal with?\n\nAnd when you say she\'s "grasping at whatever little thing she can," can you give me some examples of what that looks like?  It helps me understand your perspective better.\n\nFinally, you mentioned feeling like you backing off the anger was misinterpreted as commitment to fixing things.  That seems like a heavy burden.  How does that make you feel – knowing that your attempt to ease the tension is being interpreted in a way that isn\'t reflecting your true intentions?  What are your needs in this situation, and how might leaving the relationship help you meet those needs?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Sure. I also wonder , you know , if what was missing from that interpretation was...  All of those interpretations can be true, but I wonder if what was missing was that you were actually kind of done with the relationship and what was... Maybe that part was missing. And it makes me wonder if the anger was actually a way of... “T his is it. We’re done. I’m out of here.”  But I wonder if, you know , to manage it, you’ve got to do it gradually , to be angry rather than to say , “Okay . I’m done.”'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "You know , there’ s been too damn much water under the bridge." mental health assistant: "What... So are you guys going to go back to this guy?" patient: "Yeah. I’ll go Wednesday and we’ll see. I’ll try it one more time and, again, I’ll be in my truth. And it’ s like, “Y eah, William. No...”" ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. So what would it... You know , and I’m laughing because I told you when we talked over the phone that we had to fire... My husband and I had to fire a couples’  therapist. Right? Because he just... You know , and I remember there was a point in the session where we said to him, “W e don’ t want this. We want this.” Right? And I wonder for you, if you could tell him what you want.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying there\'s been a lot of history between you and this person, William, and you\'re deciding to try again on Wednesday.  That sounds like a big decision.  Can you tell me a little more about what "too much water under the bridge" means to you in this situation? What specific events or feelings are you referring to?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . Now you feel a little more settled in this. You know , the first time I saw you it was like you were on the kind of bubble of this kind of almost paranoid idea that somehow they were having these meetings and, you know , these business meetings on this location, but sort of it was all a cover and that they were really , you know , to be very skeptical and maybe even a little paranoid about where it was. And then you called me and you said, “Y eah, I went and I, you know , that’ s... And they’re doing it at that location.” And I think...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Well, I think that what I want is like, “W illiam, we need to get everything out on the table, A, you know , so we can see what we’re clearly looking at. I want to be heard. And then it’ s like... Departure is from here. Whatever that was, that was a snapshot of a long damn time ago.”" patient: "“And I’m not sure that I can make any connection to that at all." mental health assistant: "Or you even want to at this point." patient: "Or even want to. You know?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. But tell him and, I mean, and sometimes a worthy discussion with Mary about what she wants to get out of it. Right? But that didn’ t serve your needs. And I think you can say , “This isn’ t working for me. The solution focused approach, given how much water is under the bridge, to the point where we’re drowning, that’ s not going to work because I don’ t even want to go back and look at who we were 27 years ago. I want to look at right now because I’m in my right now . You know , I can’ t even connect to that.”', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying you don\'t feel a connection to what was shared earlier, and you\'re not even sure you *want* to make that connection right now.  That makes perfect sense.  It sounds incredibly difficult to revisit something from the past, especially if it feels like a distant, perhaps even painful, memory.\n\nCan you tell me a little more about why you feel that way? What specifically makes it hard to connect with that past experience?  And is there anything in particular about that "snapshot" that makes you hesitant to engage with it?  There\'s no pressure to delve into anything you\'re not ready for, of course.\n', 'finetuned_result': '[00:3 3:00]  It’s a snapshot of a long damn time ago. But... It’ s such a dramatic dif ference from the way you usually are around me, I’m sure it’s connected to something. But, fine, if you don’ t want to talk about it, fine. I’m not saying you shouldn’ t or something. I’m just saying it seems like we’re not leaving the stations without antiemetics. You know?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s the only wide place the road where you’ve got a decent exit there. But, you know , we’re supposed to drive down together on Friday ." patient: "Her musical. Penelope’ s directing this musical or no, not directing, she’ s the musical director of this musical. We’re going to go down and see that. So it’ s like..." mental health assistant: "How will that be, three hours in the car?" patient: "Long." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yes. Right. And I remember when you were just kind of getting started with being open and honest, you would want, you wanted the time with her and she didn’ t. And now ... I know because I remember there was an incident where she could have chosen to drive with you but she drove with Lisa. And now the last thing that you want is a car ride. What are you going to do with the car ride?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re going to see Penelope\'s musical on Friday, a three-hour car ride to get there.  "Long" is definitely a fair assessment of that drive.  That sounds like it could be quite a commitment.  \n\nTell me more about what you\'re feeling about that.  Is the length of the drive the only thing that makes you feel apprehensive, or are there other factors involved?  What are your thoughts and feelings about seeing the musical itself?  And perhaps even more broadly, what are you hoping to get out of this trip?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah. What I was thinking of is that seems to me that what you’re saying in part is that that’ s how this feels, it’ s a lot of what you want to talk about is like driving to Pennsylvania for the musical. In other words, like... in other words, like  going down there is what it feels like. It’ s like I feel stuck, I feel frustrated, I feel distressed, I feel like I’m being pushed away by you or pushed away by someone else. And in a way , you know , I think you’re saying it’ s a lot like... it’ s a lot like... like driving to Pennsylvania is in a way almost what it feels like. In other words, that’ s kind of how it feels. I think that’ s why it’ s stuck out so much and that’ s why you keep bringing it up is that it’ s so... there’ s so much kind of emotion around that trip.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Right." patient: "It’s like I love her like I love, you know , Delia who lives with us and I love her like, you know ... Do I love her as much as my kids? Probably not." mental health assistant: "Sure. Dif ferent kind of love." patient: "Different kind of love." ', 'therapist_result': 'But I... Here’ s why I ask. I’m not asking if you’re in love with your wife. I’m asking if you love her because that’ s why when she hurts, you hurt. Right? It’ s not that you don’ t love her and care about her . It’s you don’ t know if you want to be married to her or if you have romantic feelings or if you like her or if... Love is complicated. Right? And so that’ s why you’re impacted deeply by this because you do love and care about her . The marriage isn’ t working. Right? If you, if she was, if you were, she was a hateful bitch and awful and horrible, in some ways...', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying you love this person, but it's a different kind of love than the love you feel for your children.  That makes sense, doesn't it?  Can you tell me more about what makes this love different? What are some of the ways that this love feels different from the love you have for your children?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah. So it seems to me that I think you’re saying that, actually , your marriage has been pretty rocky for a while and that you’re not in a great place, but you’re also not on the up and up and down and down of it all the time. I mean, that there are times when things are better and there are things where you can see it as a project to work on with her . Like it’s not just a foregone conclusion or something that’s automatic that it’s terrible. There’s something that you can kind of collaboratively work on, I think is what you’re saying. Maybe that’s why things seem a little bit better .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Sure. Dif ferent kind of love." patient: "Different kind of love." mental health assistant: "But I... Here’ s why I ask. I’m not asking if you’re in love with your wife. I’m asking if you love her because that’ s why when she hurts, you hurt. Right? It’ s not that you don’ t love her and care about her . It’s you don’ t know if you want to be married to her or if you have romantic feelings or if you like her or if... Love is complicated. Right? And so that’ s why you’re impacted deeply by this because you do love and care about her . The marriage isn’ t working. Right? If you, if she was, if you were, she was a hateful bitch and awful and horrible, in some ways..." patient: "It’d be easier ." ', 'therapist_result': '...it’d be easier . Right. But to see her vulnerable because of your reaction is difficult. But I think in whatever conversations that you have, part of the authenticity is, “I do love and care about you. I don’ t know for years.” And both of those pieces of data are true. That’ s why it’ s complicated. Because both of those pieces of data are true and they will probably always be true.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that if your relationship with your wife were fundamentally different – more negative, let's say –  it would be easier to deal with the current situation?  Can you tell me more about what makes it feel easier in that hypothetical scenario? What aspects of your current situation are making it difficult?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Would be easier in some ways. But it’ s... Again, you’re not talking about a totally dif ferent kind of person. It’ s a person that you’ve been with for 20 years, that you... Where you... It’s complicated. There is a lot of history and it’ s not all been bad, or it’ s not... And you care about her . So I think it’ s still a kind of a betrayal in that sense. What I was also thinking is in the relationship, I imagine, I don’ t know how much you’ve explored the ways you’ve each kind of been unfaithful.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But I... Here’ s why I ask. I’m not asking if you’re in love with your wife. I’m asking if you love her because that’ s why when she hurts, you hurt. Right? It’ s not that you don’ t love her and care about her . It’s you don’ t know if you want to be married to her or if you have romantic feelings or if you like her or if... Love is complicated. Right? And so that’ s why you’re impacted deeply by this because you do love and care about her . The marriage isn’ t working. Right? If you, if she was, if you were, she was a hateful bitch and awful and horrible, in some ways..." patient: "It’d be easier ." mental health assistant: "...it’d be easier . Right. But to see her vulnerable because of your reaction is difficult. But I think in whatever conversations that you have, part of the authenticity is, “I do love and care about you. I don’ t know for years.” And both of those pieces of data are true. That’ s why it’ s complicated. Because both of those pieces of data are true and they will probably always be true." patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s sort of like, you know , if, you know , if this wasn’ t... If we weren’ t talking about marriage but if you think back to the woman who you were engaged to. Right? You might not say you love her today . But you do care. If you heard that something bad had happened to her , you would have sad feelings about that probably You want her to be okay . [00:43:1 1] She’s not part of your life. Right? This isn’ t somebody who you kind of hold a candle for . Right? You know , but it’s somebody who you had a connection with. You’re not emotionally immune to that connection. Right? Well, that’s an even more way here. You’ve had children with this woman. You have a history . You know , there are parts of you that know her and there are parts of her that know you and then there are parts that don’ t know each other well at all. You know , complicated because both of those are true. It makes it very complicated. It is not a cut and dry case and it won’ t be.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you said "Yeah."  That tells me you\'re acknowledging what I said, but I want to understand more.  Can you tell me what specifically resonated with you in what I just shared?  What part of that felt true or insightful for you right now?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'That is... I think that’ s one of the reasons that when she’ s with you, she’ s not that girl anymore. But I think also because... This is a... I’m talking about a different issue. A different source of what you’re talking about. I don’ t think she’ s going to be that girl ever again. Nor are we. The kind of... We don’ t... The world just doesn’ t work that way . We don’ t live in a Hollywood movie and live in that fantasy that I or anyone can ever be that first young, crazy -in-love, most magical person. That’ s... You know , I...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Sure." patient: "Because she’ s very scared." mental health assistant: "She is very scared." patient: "And I get that. So..." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. But there is not bad guy . Sometimes shit doesn’ t work. We can look at why but in the end sometimes it just doesn’ t work or , you know , a relationship is uneven. One person is in love with the other person and the other person isn’ t. And it’ s painful and it’ s screwed up. But there’ s no way to make it.. I mean, it’ s just unbalanced.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you understand her fear. That's a really important first step.  Can you tell me more about what's making her scared?  And how does that make *you* feel, knowing she's so scared?\n", 'finetuned_result': '...as we get into the next session, if you have something like that happen it seems really important to notify me so that we can figure out how to help, or so that I can soothe you or we can soothe you, or something. Because what happened in the middle of the session on Tuesday , what I worried about is that you would sort of not make eye contact or be dif ferent with me, but I actually didn’t worry that you would hurt yourself. I worried that you might not get what you needed from the session or that the session would be a little bit bumpy as you were getting over it or something, but I was much more worried that it would be like a relationship bumpy than that you would hurt yourself.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "And it’ s just like that’ s just really , really , really hard. You know? So..." mental health assistant: "But as you process that piece with the therapist because that’ s what has to be out there... Put that out there. Right? Don’ t forget all parts of the truth. If you look at all parts of the truth, you do love and care about this woman, you know , and you’re sorry and she’ s in pain and you’re sorry that you’re in pain. Right? That is a part of the truth. You are not the bad guy . You are not a bad guy . You are not." patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'Right? You’re not the bad guy . In some ways, you cannot put on the bad guy cloak, you can’ t because if you’re going to be genuine and honest about everything, that’ s not a piece that fits. You can feel like the bad guy or you can feel somewhat guilty or I wish... You know you wish it was a clean break or whatever . You can feel and you can wish but you cannot don on the bad guy cape because that’ s not true data. It’ s not. You know , like I said, you can feel whatever it is you need to feel but you can’ t put that on. You’ve been wearing that shit for years. And it’ s not accurate. Right? She can have her perspective and be angry and hurt and you get it. I mean, you have empathy for that. Right? But there is no blame here. Right? It’ s a two person contract that was agreed upon by both of you for years and now the contract isn’ t working anymore.', 'base_result': "Okay, you said it's really, really hard.  Can you tell me more about what specifically feels so hard right now? What are the biggest challenges you're facing?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'We all make mistakes. Now , if she says, “I cannot be with you,” then that’ s a hard pill to swallow and you go, “OK. I’m sorry .” And you move on. But don’ t say, “I am the bad guy . I am the problem,” because you’re not and she’ s very much hurt right now , I think, that she might go there. So if she says, “I don’ t know ,” then you say , “I understand that you don’ t know , I’m sorry , I made a mistake, I’m very sorry for that, I love you, I love you and I’m just here for you if you’re here and if you’re not, if you decide not to be, then I’ll be okay . I’m sorry .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah. See that’ s not... That’ s the desperation talking and not the... Which this is new for her . So I get it. But that’ s not going to pull you closer . Right?" patient: "Right." mental health assistant: "But, Seamus, it would have worked before. That’ s the point. Do you understand? Because when I came in here and I asked and we talked a little bit about divorce or whatever and you said, “I took vows.” Right?" patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'But that doesn’ t work anymore. There’ s no way for her to know that doesn’ t work right now . Right? Right now it’ s aversive to you. You know? Like, “That’ s all you got? Like, ugh.” But that would have worked before because that’ s what you said. That’ s what you projected, right, that you... You know? And now that’s not okay anymore. And that’ s not a switcheroo or a bait and switch. That shit just happens in real life. It just happens.', 'base_result': "Okay Seamus, so you understand that what worked before isn't working now. That's a really important realization.  Tell me more about what you're feeling right now, given that what you tried isn't having the desired effect. What's that like for you?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'So... But... And it doesn’ t matter if you... I mean, I understand. You’re at the end of your rope. You’re frustrated. It’ s hard to think in all the ways that you have for the last 20 years. But that’ s not how you pull her back. Quite the contrary . It gets...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But that doesn’ t work anymore. There’ s no way for her to know that doesn’ t work right now . Right? Right now it’ s aversive to you. You know? Like, “That’ s all you got? Like, ugh.” But that would have worked before because that’ s what you said. That’ s what you projected, right, that you... You know? And now that’s not okay anymore. And that’ s not a switcheroo or a bait and switch. That shit just happens in real life. It just happens." patient: "It happened day by day , year by year ." mental health assistant: "Sure, sure, sure." patient: "Incident by incident. Whatever ." ', 'therapist_result': 'The... You would have been here seven years ago, ten years ago, the next ten years might have looked very dif ferent. And we can only be where we are. But you just got here today . But this was always the point unless you remained in kind of some very deep denial. This was always the point. You know , and I... You know , as being honored to bear witness to, even though it’ s a painful struggle... When you first came to this point, this was always there from the minute you walked through the door .', 'base_result': 'Okay, "incident by incident, whatever..."  That sounds…heavy.  Can you tell me a little more about what kind of incidents you\'re referring to?  It sounds like it\'s been a gradual build-up over a long time.  What were some of the early incidents like, and how did they feel at the time?  I hear the frustration in your voice – it sounds exhausting to have dealt with this for so long.  Is there anything that comes to mind that stands out as particularly significant or challenging?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'No, but that’ s not the way you’ve identified it at all. You’ve identified it as “Hey , it just happened and now I’m in a shit place. And I’m always in a shit place.” And what we’ve talked about is that “No, it’ s actually... »'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Sure, sure, sure." patient: "Incident by incident. Whatever ." mental health assistant: "The... You would have been here seven years ago, ten years ago, the next ten years might have looked very dif ferent. And we can only be where we are. But you just got here today . But this was always the point unless you remained in kind of some very deep denial. This was always the point. You know , and I... You know , as being honored to bear witness to, even though it’ s a painful struggle... When you first came to this point, this was always there from the minute you walked through the door ." patient: "Oh yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'You know? And so, you know , and I watched the process of you stabbing yourself with denial and how difficult it was for you to sort of, you know , be stuck and be there and think that, “This is my life and I don’ t like any parts of it and I’m not getting anything, what I need...” You know , I wonder if when you think back on this, will you think that painful point, as awful as it is, is still more preferable to the forcefield.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you said "Oh yeah" to the idea that this point, this difficult situation you\'re in now, was always potentially there, even from the beginning of your journey.  That\'s a really insightful observation.  Can you tell me more about what that feels like to recognize that?  What thoughts or feelings come up for you when you consider that this was, in a way, inevitable given your past experiences?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'So, and I think it’ s in this area of, like, some... There’ s something about what happened yesterday ... I’m still trying to like sift through it. I think it... I mean there was something... Some important aspect of what happened and the way it unfolded yesterday ... There’ s something about... That was kind of... I don’ t know if you heard this or thought this or saw it, but that was so important about yesterday , the way it unfolded... I mean, in a way , like, something about that was very symptomatic. Something very important happened. The fact that we didn’ t get to talk about it yesterday ... That was hard. I think there was something about that that was important. But the fact that there was something very important, something very important about the way things kind of unfolded and what happened yesterday , I think that’ s something. I mean if you just thought oh it’ s kind of a shame we didn’ t get to it, okay . But I don’ t think that’ s... I think this was... And then there’ s something about the way ... Like a lot of other things about yesterday that I think was symptomatic, like the kind of symptomatic of your ... And very relevant to our work, in fact in a number of ways.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "When you say , “This is the nuclear option,” it is. This is what you were fleeing from for years." patient: "Yeah. So... Yeah. I get that... Yeah. I get that I’m that guy that pulled the plug and walked of f the stage." mental health assistant: "What do you mean “that guy that pulled the plug?”" patient: "Oh I don’ t know . I suppose that that’ s one of those things that I’m going to have to get over that too. I guess I’m hearing her language in that. It’ s like, “I can’ t believe he turned out to be one of those guys that would" ', 'therapist_result': 'Which guy was that? The one who stayed in the marriage for almost 35 years? The one who’ s going to counseling? The one who has not had an af fair? Which guy was that? This is not she got breast cancer and you left, you had a disabled guy and said, “For get this.” [00:53:1 1] That’ s that guy . Which guy are we talking about?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling like you\'re "that guy that pulled the plug and walked off the stage," and you\'re hearing your [partner\'s/someone\'s] perspective in that statement.  That must be incredibly difficult. Can you tell me a bit more about what that feels like?  What emotions are you experiencing right now, as you process this?  What specifically makes you feel like you\'ve "pulled the plug"? Is it related to the decision you made, or is it something else entirely?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'One of the things I realize I haven’ t asked you about is your experience yesterday . I know you said you were anxious about it. I wonder how it actually was. I know it went well from the point of view of the people there, which I’m sure matters a lot to you, but I wonder how it actually felt for you.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "How are you doing with my little diatribe there?" patient: "It’ s... You know it’ s why I’m here. It’ s what I’m needing to hear because I’m like... I need to be bolstered up in being able to work forward with this because there’ s just so many other stories that I’m, you know , that I’ve bought into over the years that it’ s just really difficult to stand in this." mental health assistant: "Sure. But I want you to look at the history of your behavior and your commitment to your marriage. Right?" patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'You know , so this isn’ t... Unfortunately , it’s not about that guy . And it would be nice if Lisa would understand that. She may never understand it. But that’ s not... That’ s not as... It’ s important but it doesn’ t change anything. It doesn’ t change anything. Right? Because we only ever see things from our perspective most of the time. Right? [00:56:1 1] But you are not that guy . You cannot take out the whip and whip your back with being that guy because it’ s inaccurate. It’ s just inaccurate. This is not you guys had a bad year in your marriage and you’re ready to call it quits. Right?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying that while you recognize the value in what we\'ve discussed,  you\'re feeling overwhelmed by the sheer number of conflicting narratives you\'ve internalized over the years.  It sounds like it\'s making it incredibly difficult to move forward confidently with your current goals, especially regarding your marriage.  Can you tell me a little more about what those "other stories" are, and how they\'re making you feel right now?  And what specifically about "standing in this" –  meaning working towards your goals – feels so challenging?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'You know , you describe yourself as an introvert. And I was thinking that one of the things that I’ve observed in my work with people who are introverted or who struggle with being communicative is that, you know , we can often feel like  ‘what I have to say probably isn’ t that important anyway ’ or ‘what I have to say I’ve already said a million times anyway ’ or ‘what I have to say is and I’ve never felt like it’ s going to change anything anyway ’ so it’ s very easy to be quiet, especially when there are storms.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "You know , so this isn’ t... Unfortunately , it’s not about that guy . And it would be nice if Lisa would understand that. She may never understand it. But that’ s not... That’ s not as... It’ s important but it doesn’ t change anything. It doesn’ t change anything. Right? Because we only ever see things from our perspective most of the time. Right? [00:56:1 1] But you are not that guy . You cannot take out the whip and whip your back with being that guy because it’ s inaccurate. It’ s just inaccurate. This is not you guys had a bad year in your marriage and you’re ready to call it quits. Right?" mental health assistant: "This is not that simple. You know? And if you abuse yourself or muddy the picture with so much guilt and shame that you can’ t see clearly , that’ s not going to be you. You won’ t come out of this having grown. Right? So..." patient: "No. I mean, I don’ t want to be going through all of this, all of this work, all of this pain and suf fering only to end up, you know , back in some, you know , place that’ s like this much better than what it was." ', 'therapist_result': 'Right. But you can always feel for her circumstance and feel that this is a sad ending. Right? It’ s a sad ending to a story , a history , you know , a life with someone and that’ s always devastating. Right? No matter what was good or bad. Right? You had children together . You had a vision together . It didn’ t turn out the way that you wanted it or needed it to be and so that is devastating. Right? And she feels that devastation just like you do. You just interpret it dif ferently . But the story’ s changed and stories always change whether we want them to or not.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling overwhelmed by the amount of work, pain, and suffering you\'re going through, and you\'re worried that even after all this, you might not end up significantly better off than you are now.  That sounds incredibly frustrating and disheartening. Can you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel like the improvement won\'t be substantial enough?  What would "significantly better" look like to you?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . But if you keep... [Y ou’re not going to make a mistake.] You’re not going to make a mistake. I mean, mistakes, sort of, are... We all make mistakes. But I mean you’re not going to sign up for years of a marriage where you’re miserable. [No.] Because... [That’ s what this is about, I think, is to be empowered.] Right. Because now you know what you know . You know . [You don’ t have to... ] You don’ t have to. You don’ t have to. You know? And now that you know , you can make a choice. I don’ t... It may not be a choice that... There may be a part of you that says, “I’m not going to do it again.” I don’ t know . I mean, I don’ t know you that well. You know? But I do know... [But I also... ] But I do know that you will not... I mean, you are a million percent capable of standing up for yourself. You’re capable of saying, “No.” You’re capable of saying, “This is not acceptable.” You’re capable of saying, “I want more.” And I can tell you that if you don’ t keep yourself open to that possibility of not wanting to settle for less than...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Okay . Tell me what that means." patient: "Yeah. I’m trying to back up.  Uh..." mental health assistant: "Do you want me to tell you the last thing I heard?" patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'Okay . So I remember that you, you know , you and your wife had a talk and you kind of told her how unhappy you were, you know , and she felt pressured, you know , when you told her about the physical intimacy missing. You know , and I remember you guys were going to go to Indiana University to see...', 'base_result': 'Okay, the last thing I heard was you saying, "I\'m trying to back up."  That sounds like you\'re feeling overwhelmed or maybe needing to take a step back from something. Can you tell me more about what you\'re trying to back up from?  What\'s happening that makes you feel the need to retreat?  There\'s no pressure to explain everything at once, just whatever feels comfortable to share right now.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I heard you say , “It’s like there’s a bunch of shit in my life that just isn’t working, and I’m just operating based upon the level of what is working. And what’s not working is pretty much everything, in various ways. And that’s why I cannot function, really . Especially in terms of my life choices. I am not functioning in terms of what I want for myself, because there’s just so much that’s not working. And in that, because it’s not working, I kind of shut down and don’t do anything. For instance, I don’t write. And I’m pretty clear that part of that is shutting down because of the frustration of what’s not working. I was thinking in this way , at least, it doesn’t seem to me that you’re actually shutting down, but doing a whole lot of thinking. And I think it’s a very important level of what you’re doing and has a lot of importance. I mean, it may be very confusing for you because it doesn’t seem to be getting you anywhere in terms of the things in your life that would make you feel better . I think it’s very important, actually , to recognize what you’re doing. But I think it is a kind of functioning you’re doing, and it seems to me that’s why it doesn’t seem like it’s going anywhere. It’s not about just being stuck where you are. That’s all true. But I think it’s because you’re really thinking, and it’s not just intellectual thinking. I’m not just saying the words. I think you’re doing a lot of thinking, and I think the kind of thinking that you’re doing is the problem, if that makes sense.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Okay ." patient: "You know , and I just kind of sat there and it’ s like, “Y ou know what? I’m just going to let her get this out.” And what was really amazing, you know , is that I’m not in this place of overwhelming fear . I’m not in this place of like “I’m going to have to cave into everything that’ s being said here.” It’ s like, “Y ou know what? She’ s got a right to be really , really angry and pissed of f and all of this kind of stuf f because, yeah, it’ s her stuf f. And I’m good with that.” You know?  But, you know ...  Yeah. You know , so it was helpful, you know , to a certain degree to kind of get like, you know , to be able to get it from her . It’s like, “Y ou’re recognized.” These are conversations, these are talks that should have happened twenty years ago." mental health assistant: "Sure. But she’ s emotionally responding to you." patient: "Oh yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. And that’ s not... You guys have been emotionally not responding to one another and now you are. You know , something that you said. You know all of your bad communications skills. You know , I don’ t think you’re a bad communicator . I think it hasn’ t been safe to communicate what you’ve needed to communicate.', 'base_result': 'Okay.  So you allowed her to express her anger and frustration, and you found yourself in a surprisingly calm and accepting place. You mentioned feeling a sense of "recognition" – can you tell me more about what that felt like? What specifically was recognized in that moment?  And what are your thoughts and feelings now, having had that experience?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I mean, I think, and maybe I’m missing something here, but it seems to me like this is the part where, like, she’ s saying, “Here’ s how I actually feel.” Like, this is not a conversation about “Here’ s what I need.” It’ s a conversation about, like, “Here’ s what the actual impact of your behavior has been on me.”'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Do you think... Well, do you feel that way , that kind of counseling or coming to counseling here has destroyed this?" patient: "No." mental health assistant: "Okay ." patient: "No. It was destroyed long before I came here. You know , this is just fixing me to allow me to be able to communicate and to feel. The fact of the matter is I don’ t have a whole lot of skill set for that so maybe I didn’ t do this gracefully . Maybe I didn’ t do this as well as it needed to be done. But, you know what? It’ s out there now . You know , so it’ s like, “Okay . I’ve got to deal with that.”" ', 'therapist_result': 'Well, you know ... I can see her perspective where before coming to counseling you were... You guys had this status quo pattern. Now all of this was bubbling up underneath it and it sounds like she had some denial around what was happening around the relationship. But it worked. Right?', 'base_result': "Okay, I hear you saying that the damage you're dealing with existed long before you started coming here.  That’s really important to acknowledge.  Can you tell me more about what was destroyed, and when you first became aware of it?  There’s no need to go into detail if you’re not comfortable, but even a general idea might be helpful.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think what I’m hearing when you say a lot of this stuf f is  “Marshall, I feel like I have been so repressed and inhibited by my family and growing up that I have very limited skill in managing my emotions. So I feel like a lot of the stuf f I’m trying to refer to counseling to refer to in interpersonal communication, in romantic relationships, and family relationships I’m missing the mark. I’m not being graceful about it. And I feel like because of that I’ve really gotten into some bad situations that I may not have gotten into or I would have managed differently if I had had better skill at managing my emotions and communicating. And I can see like clearly that some of the stuf f I’m describing has contributed to the problems I’ve had and it makes me angry and upset with myself because I could have done it dif ferently if I had had the right skills or if I had used the skills I have better . And I think one of the reasons that I still struggle so much with skill set is because I’m angry with myself about how I’ve used it or haven’ t used it in the past. So it’ s hard for me to sort of take on that project and learn more and do it dif ferently because I’m still angry with myself about not knowing it or knowing it and not doing it in a way that prevents these bad outcomes. Is that something that... ]'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Sure." patient: "You know? And not being able to really own that or feel that." mental health assistant: "Sure." patient: "You know? So..." ', 'therapist_result': 'You know , I fluctuate from being deeply sad for the situation you’re in because it’ s such a painful thing to deal with and amazingly proud of you because, in such a short amount of time, you went from being paralyzed, you know , fearful about saying what’ s real for you and not wanting to experience your anger to putting it out there in a way that... You know , it’s almost like you just couldn’ t take it anymore. You just couldn’ t And so, in some ways... So, for her , I see she sees her world as destroyed. But the world was based on water because of all these things underneath it you’re the one who was being... It worked for her . It never really worked for you, not for at least seven years.', 'base_result': 'Okay, I hear you saying "So..."  It sounds like there\'s something more you want to explore.  Can you tell me more about what you\'re feeling right now, and what\'s making it difficult to "own" or "feel" those things?  What\'s preventing you from fully experiencing your emotions?\n', 'finetuned_result': "So if it's really there but you don't really ... if you kind of push it aside or forget it, I guess, like you're describing, and it comes out in these sort of more destructive ways , that's one thing. But it seems like the more accurate way you can really own that and feel it, I wonder if that would be a better thing in the long run?"},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Because she’ s terrified." patient: "Oh, she’ s terrified. And then, you know , she’ s... Whenever the really intense anger comes up, it’ s all around that sexual abuse issue. She is so resistant to this." mental health assistant: "Sure. But, you know , I guess, you know , in hearing your response and hers, I guess, you know , if I could provide you with some protective mechanisms, and I don’ t know if I can, this is not about her or you. It’ s" patient: "Oh yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'So, you know , when this sexual abuse issue comes up and comes out more and more, you know , it’s tempting to say , “Well...” It’ s tempting in some ways to deny your own needs, I think and to focus on the sexual abuse because, you know , “How could you possibly want these things from me? Look. I’ve been sexually abused. I can’ t do it.” And you’re not talking about that. And, in some ways, you have really denied your own needs for a really long time.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that when the intense anger arises, it's connected to the sexual abuse she experienced, and she's very resistant to exploring that connection.  It sounds incredibly difficult for both of you.\n\nCan you tell me more about what makes her so resistant?  What are her concerns or fears around confronting those feelings?\n\nAnd for you, what is it like to witness her resistance? What are you feeling in those moments?  It's okay to acknowledge your own emotions in this situation.  There's no need to put them aside.  What are your needs in all of this?  What kind of support would be helpful for you right now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I mean, this is the part that I guess I get, and I’m guessing that’ s what she’ s resistant to, where you’re a lot more comfortable with the pain, in a way , even, than you are with being a little bit vulnerable about this. I mean, you have a pretty good handle on all the ways that this was... how the emotional abuse and the neglect and the abandonment, you know , are alive for you. You’ve made a lot of connection, I think, between that and what’ s going on with your mom. And you can talk about it well. But you know , I’m guessing there’ s... I’m guessing she’ s in some way connecting the anxiety and the anger and the depression with this issue of sexual abuse. And you know , she’ s... and there’ s a... in some way a part of her that’ s... or something about it that’ s associated with... a little... some amount of vulnerability. But it’ s associated with... I mean, the sexual abuse was, you know , associated with, you know , abandonment and betrayal, as much as anything. But that is the part that feels, you know , I think, if I’m understanding this, you’re not as comfortable sort of letting yourself be in that. I mean, you can talk about the neglect and the... and the abandonment and the betrayal. But you’re not as... I’m guessing that’ s the part that’ s...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Okay ." patient: "I don’ t know . I don’ t know . It’s just like all I can be and all I can bring is what I am." mental health assistant: "Sure. Have you ever been to couples’  counseling before?" patient: "No." ', 'therapist_result': 'Okay . It’s emotionally intense. I hope that you have a good counselor and I think your honesty with where you are is probably one of the most important things. If you... You know , it’s almost always the case that people are dif ferentially motivated. But you continue to be honest. Right? You be honest with where you are. Where you are may change...', 'base_result': 'Okay.  "It\'s just like all I can be and all I can bring is what I am..." That sounds like a really heavy feeling.  Can you tell me a little more about what that feels like to you?  What thoughts or images come to mind when you say that?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'We can do a little something that I learned about, called “The Gottman Experimental Couples’ Therapy .”  And one of the things that you guys could do to help with this whole kind of frustration and reactivity that you were talking about is it has a stuf f that is like, the couple does together for 20 minutes a day . And it’s a lot of it is about each of them sharing their experience in a day , and not just the couple-y experience, but the whole day . So one of you writes it down and then the other one does it. And then you guys share it and talk about it. And it’ s really a way to kind of think about your day and be more aware of what you’re feeling. And that will help you when you’re in the middle of an argument. It gives you guys the tools to kind of stop and think about what it is you’re feeling and why you’re feeling it. I can give you that .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Sure. Have you ever been to couples’  counseling before?" patient: "No." mental health assistant: "Okay . It’s emotionally intense. I hope that you have a good counselor and I think your honesty with where you are is probably one of the most important things. If you... You know , it’s almost always the case that people are dif ferentially motivated. But you continue to be honest. Right? You be honest with where you are. Where you are may change..." patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': '...depending on how things go. But I don’ t think you have to have expectations. I just think that kind of... You know , you have so much more information now from your wife than you’ve had in years about her emotional responses to things, some of which hurt you, some of which pissed you of f. [00:44:1 1] But you have emotional data. Right? And so counseling will bring more emotional data and then you will continue to kind of look at it and decide what you want to do with the rest of your life.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'ve said "yeah," which tells me you\'re acknowledging what I\'ve said about honesty being important in this process.  That\'s a good starting point. Can you tell me more about what that "yeah" means to you? What are you feeling right now as we talk about this?  Is there something specific that makes you hesitant about couples counseling, even though you haven\'t tried it before?  What are your hopes for what couples counseling could achieve, or conversely, what are your concerns?\n', 'finetuned_result': '...But I think what you have that these other couples don’t have is you have the ability to be honest, even if the... You know , it’s a slower or it’s a harder or it’s an easier ... It’s harder because you’re not on the same page. I think that you have the ability to... I would suspect that the counseling will be more ef fective that way because you are willing to say , “I’m not on the same page.” The other couples... That’s where the sclerotic kind of quality comes in because I think the couples don’t want to say , “I’m not on the same page. I’m not motivated right now .” So they kind of keep up this char ade and then it doesn’t go anywhere or it goes very slowly . But I think you’re... I suspect, I don’t know it, but I suspect that you’re going to be... You have the capacity to say , “Here’s where I’m at. So if you’re not there, I’m not going to be over there.”'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Absolutely not." patient: "...for this. You know?" mental health assistant: "Sure." patient: "It’s a sad situation and... Yeah. Everybody’ s going to be feeling what they’re going to be feeling about this. But I can only accept whatever I feel I’m responsible for ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Sure. And recognize that, you know , if you have... I don’ t know . Let’ s say you have 40% responsibility and she has 40% responsibility , there’ s 20% variability there still floating around, you know , of just factors. Right? I think it is pretty incredible that you reached out to your family for support. Well, I need to hear that because it feels like, you know , I’m being some kind of a sneaky bastard who’ s trying to, you know , set up conditions for blood money .', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you said, "It\'s a sad situation, and... I can only accept whatever I feel I\'m responsible for."  That sounds like you\'re grappling with a lot of complex emotions right now. Can you tell me more about what’s making you feel sad and what specifically you feel responsible for?  What aspects of the situation are you feeling you *can* control, and which ones feel outside of your influence?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . So, we can separate what you’re responsible for from what somebody else is.  For example, if somebody was driving a car and crashed it and they were speeding and they hit another car and the other car had a small child in it and the child was killed in the crash, the driver who was speeding and crashed into the other car is 100% responsible for the death of the child. Now , if the other parent who was not driving the car , was in a tremendous amount of grief about what happened, and they were angry and they wanted to bring suit against the speeding driver , that doesn’t make them in any way responsible for the death of the child. Does that make sense? So, you’re going to feel what you’re going to feel about this, but that doesn’t make you in any way responsible for the circumstances.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "...for this. You know?" patient: "Sure." mental health assistant: "It’s a sad situation and... Yeah. Everybody’ s going to be feeling what they’re going to be feeling about this. But I can only accept whatever I feel I’m responsible for ." patient: "Sure. And recognize that, you know , if you have... I don’ t know . Let’ s say you have 40% responsibility and she has 40% responsibility , there’ s 20% variability there still floating around, you know , of just factors. Right? I think it is pretty incredible that you reached out to your family for support. Well, I need to hear that because it feels like, you know , I’m being some kind of a sneaky bastard who’ s trying to, you know , set up conditions for blood money ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Not really . You know , in terms of talking to your sons, that might have been a decision the two of you made together but your family , your siblings, your brothers. Right? You are allowed to have relationships with your family members and to reach out to them. You really are. You really don’ t have to ask anybody’ s permission to do that. And what you got back from your parents and from your brother and your sister in law was surprising probably for you because you had, in some ways, you know , everybody’ s kind of cut of f from one another . But you needed that. You had gotten into a habit of not reaching out and when you did, you got a lot of rewards.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re acknowledging that you feel responsible for part of this situation, but you\'re also recognizing there are other factors beyond your control – that 20% variability.  That\'s a really healthy and insightful way to look at it.  Can you tell me more about what contributes to that 20%  – those external factors you feel are influencing the situation?\n\n\nAnd you mentioned feeling like a "sneaky bastard" trying to set up conditions for "blood money." That sounds incredibly painful and upsetting.  Can you help me understand what\'s making you feel that way? What specifically leads you to believe that\'s how your actions are being perceived, or how you are perceiving your own actions?  What are you afraid of in this situation?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'You know , it’ s not like... I mean, it’ s not like she was the one who broke up with you, and you are the one who is, you know , saying , I’m going to make sure he pays. Or , I’m going to make sure he, you know , he’ s the one who broke up with me, and I’m going to make sure he... You know , it’ s not... There is a... It’ s a mutual separation. You are both feeling the same thing. There is nobody taking a moral high ground and there is nobody...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But you blew up the pattern." patient: "Yeah." mental health assistant: "You didn’ t blow up the marriage. Okay? You blew up the pattern that wasn’ t working." patient: "Yep." ', 'therapist_result': 'Alright? Again, I don’ t want self-blame to creep in here but what it does is it really clouds understanding what’ s really happening. If you are just guilt ridden and shame ridden, you don’ t really , you’re not really in a place then to really look at what’ s happening. Right? So I’m imagining things as you go forward. I’m imagining this is a pretty awful place to be. But it was a worse place to be where you were before and you won’ t stay here.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you acknowledge you disrupted a pattern.  That takes a lot of courage, actually. Can you tell me a little more about what that pattern was like? What specifically felt "not working" about it?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'No, I mean, I’m not saying that’ s the only way that I can see it. There’ s probably a bunch of dif ferent ways. There’ s probably a bunch of dif ferent ways. But to me, one of the obvious ones is that you get into a cycle of, in some way , what you and I have talked about, is that it’ s not a very smooth sailing kind of thing. You get upset. You get it out. It gets in the way of what you want to do. You feel bad about it. It’ s harder to get out. You feel worse about it. You just kind of get stuck in it, and it makes things worse.  [00:1 1:40]'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You know , the finances, as scary as it is, will work out and you’re not there yet." patient: "I know , I know , I know . And I don’ t even... You know , it’s like...  Part of me feels like I ought to be trying to bring something to the table." mental health assistant: "You are. You’re bringing you and your truth." patient: "Alright." ', 'therapist_result': 'And I’m not saying, “Don’ t think about finances and that stuf f,” because if your thoughts direct you that way , that’ s more data. I mean, that says you’re planning for a dif ferent future than you thought you were. You know? But you don’ t know yet. You don’ t know where this thing is going to go. You just know that you can’ t stand it anymore the way that it has been. And you’re changing the pattern means you’re not stuck anymore. You’re reaching out to people who can understand what you’re going through which means you’re building a support system. You’re finding you’re not the only person going through this and you just refuse to', 'base_result': 'Okay, "Alright" is a good start.  It sounds like you\'re feeling a bit stuck, though.  Can you tell me more about what you mean by "bringing something to the table"? What feels like it\'s missing?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah. That’ s the gold and the diamond. And if it weren’ t for you that wouldn’ t be here. Right? Because you’re not... You’re not paying me for it, so that’ s the contribution you make. The more truthful you can be, the more you share of yourself, the more we are able to make use of. So you’re bringing that.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "“Break the hearts of our children.” Well, your children are grown and it doesn’ t mean they’re immune to this.” Okay? But it means you will have conversations with your grown children and you will say what’ s true for you and you will acknowledge how difficult it is for the family . But are you breaking the hearts of your children? You know , I don’ t..." patient: "Here’ s another thing. It’ s like, “Okay .” I get that what she’ s saying." mental health assistant: "Sure, sure. It’ s definitely sad and they will have a reaction to that. But that’ s really ... That’ s a finger point. “Y ou’re breaking the hearts of our children.”" patient: "Oh yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'You know ... And it’ s like, “W ell, I don’ t know about that.” Like, I mean, I certainly don’ t speak for every child of divorce or separation but, you know , I had a really good relationship with both of my parents. And there were a rocky few years. I was a lot younger than your children. I mean, my brother was probably college age, at the time, my older brother . But, you know , my relationship with my parents stood the test of time individually because I had good individual relationships with them. And it was a very difficult thing for our family go through to watch your parents separate or split up. But my ... Each of them attended to the relationship with each of us and there were three of us, each of them did. And I think that even though it’ s a painful time, you know , remember that you are a good dad and you are their dad and you are going to have conversations with them about it.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you understand what your [partner/family member's] saying about breaking your children's hearts, even if they're grown.  That's a big statement, and it must feel pretty intense to hear that.  Can you tell me more about what that feels like for you right now?  What specific emotions are you experiencing when you hear that accusation?\n", 'finetuned_result': '“B ut at the same time you’re saying, ‘B eyond that, we could have a conversation.’ It’ s a little of that, like, “Here’ s my side and I’m pointing my finger at you, but at the same time I’m open to it.” It’ s a bit contradictory , because you are...  There’ s sadness there. It will impact your children, that’ s undeniable. Is it...  I understand the...  I don’ t understand if it’ s a... “Is it breaking their hearts?” I don’ t know .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "It’s throwing around that kind of, that emotional stuf f." mental health assistant: "Sure." patient: "You know?" ', 'therapist_result': 'And you know what? You are trying. You wouldn’ t agree to go to counseling if you weren’ t trying. So when you say , “It feels like you’re not going to put it back together ,” that you don’ t know . But you know you’re trying and trying today looks dif ferent than it would yesterday , looks dif ferent than it would tomorrow . Trying today may look like you only have negative two. Maybe tomorrow it’ s 10%. We don’ t know . You don’ t know . It’s okay not to know . How are you doing right now as we kind of end things for today?', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying it feels like your emotions are… all over the place?  Can you tell me a little more about what that feels like?  What kind of emotions are you experiencing?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'For that reason, it’s probably a very bad idea to have these sorts of conversations in real time, as they are occurring. [00:1 1:1 1] Because your impulse, rightly so, I think, is to kind of get a handle on what’s going on. But the trouble with having these conversations in real time is that it usually involves kind of hashing out the situation and kind of getting a narrative or a story that makes it make sense, that kind of gives you a place for it. [00:1 1:50] And so, I think, the things that are rightly making you uneasy about it, are that actually often the place you arrive at is a place where you not feel it’s okay , that you feel okay with it, but often it feels like it’s not okay , you know what I mean? So, I think, it actually would be better if you were in the short term to just sort of let yourself feel the things that you’re feeling. [00:1 2:20] And then later, if you want to be able to make sense of it or have the conversations with the people you want to have them with , then you can do that. But in the short term, it’s probably more distressful than helpful to try to make sense of it as it’s happening.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Well, that’ s her perspective." patient: "Yeah." mental health assistant: "And she’ s entitled to it. Right? But that’ s one perspective." patient: "Yeah. And these are perspectives too and it’ s like neither of them are really ultimately real. You know , it’s like..." ', 'therapist_result': 'Well or they’re a shared reality or , you know ... If you, you know , if you feel like it or if something happens in couples’  counseling and you want to check up with me, please do. Send me an e-mail and tell me to call you. I’ll call you as soon as I can call you. You know? You know , all you have to do is be, show up and be there5.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that both perspectives – hers and yours – feel somewhat… incomplete or unreal?  Can you tell me more about what makes them feel that way? What aspects of each perspective feel less than fully true to you?\n", 'finetuned_result': '... I’m here. And this is the same thing in your relationship with your mother , where it’ s like you’re trying to get the verdict from her , ‘Is it me or is it you?’ And she’ s saying, ‘I don’ t like the way you’re acting.’ But that’ s not really an answer to the question. I mean, it’ s an answer to a different question. It’ s an answer to the question, ‘How are you going to behave?’ But it’ s not an answer to the question, ‘Is it me or is it you?’'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Okay ." patient: "No, I mean, really , I do believe that on the back side of this it’ s... It all looks better somehow . But..." mental health assistant: "I think so." patient: "Right now , it’s just..." ', 'therapist_result': 'But it takes a while. You know , I have a really good friend of mine. He’ s a psychologist and he... He’s in his early fifties and he and his wife have been together for 25, 26 years and they just went through a painful divorce and for some similar reasons that, you know , she... They weren’ t able to connect, emotional intimacy . This is not a unique experience to you. It is your experience. But it’ s a painful experience. You know? But you’re doing it.', 'base_result': 'Okay, you said it feels like "right now, it\'s just..."  Can you tell me more about what that "just" feels like?  What\'s the strongest emotion you\'re feeling in this moment?  And it sounds like you\'re holding onto a belief that things will look better eventually.  That\'s a really important insight. Can you tell me a bit more about what makes you believe that things will improve on the other side of this? What gives you that hope?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Good. I was thinking about what you said a few minutes ago about you not trusting that that would... You not trusting that you would... Trusting that you would... Your idea of... Your second idea of the way to deal with it was for him to have the other girl in the room with you. I got the impression that you had thought it through and you were pretty settled in the idea, but you were telling me you were still really anxious and still not sure if you should do it. And I was thinking... I thought maybe you were trusting my advice to you at the moment, but you weren’ t settled... You still weren’ t settled in the idea because you were still anxious. And I was thinking that if... I was kind of noticing how dramatic it would be to have this other woman in the room and how if you were trusting me but not settled, you would be very motivated to see how dramatic it would be if it didn’ t work. And that maybe if you settled in the idea that was one way you would protect yourself from... Or one way you’ d try to protect yourself from hurt. But I think that’ s not the whole of it.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s a good thing that I get the movie reference because whenever , I find whenever I use movie reference in classes all of mine are from the 90s and the 80s so that’ s pretty I got that one. That’ s my genre." patient: "I mean it’ s like there’ s nothing more raw than Lieutenant Dans  screaming at the storm, so. Yes, and I’m remembering a sentence from a few sessions back, how would I know you’re angry? Well I’m not sure that I’m in this place physically showing it but it’s palpable." mental health assistant: "I can see it. What’ s been happening?" patient: "Why don’ t you take me, if you can, can you take me back to where we last, our last session?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Yes. Well we were talking a lot, I mean you kind of surprisingly told me that you had a discussion with your wife and you talked a bit about being unhappy . And she acknowledged that but then it was kind of dropped. I also remember that she had an opportunity to continue the conversation when you went to go see your kid at Indiana University , right? And she chose to drive with a friend instead and so I think that’ s where we were.', 'base_result': "Okay, let's go back to our last session.  That sounds like a good place to start.  What stands out to you most about our last meeting? What feelings did you have then, and how do those feelings compare to what you're experiencing now?  Tell me more about what you remember from that session.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'We were talking about your son and we were talking about your anger and your guilt around him and how that can turn into agitation. We were talking about some of the reasons for it, one of them being a very simple reason of we had talked about how many years you spent sleeping with women who slept with other women and had children by them and now you’re married to a woman who has a child by another man, it’ s a simple piece of the puzzle, I’m not saying it’ s the big one but it’ s a piece of the puzzle. And then we were talking about the way that you and Grayson, you sometimes bicker and you had said I think you last week, I may be wrong, that you would just as soon not be living in the same house with him.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Good for you." patient: "And that was a conversation that happened around the kitchen table maybe yesterday or the day before, I’m not sure. I don’ t know . It all started to, and I recognized it this emotional rage or whatever that I’m in right now, I’m just puking up junk and I’m sorry . [00:17:1 1]" mental health assistant: "Emotional honesty , it’s not junk Seamus." patient: "Yes, I know ." ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s not junk. It’ s the truth that’ s always been there that she has ignored because it was convenient and you’ve been trying to ignore so you didn’ t have to have the conversation. So although I imagine it’ s a deeply painful space, it’ s a cathartic space because this is all the stuf f that you’ve been holding in. And it’ s in some ways it’s unfair that you’re the one who has to hold it and she lives from the benefits of your holding it. And you shouldn’ t have to hold it anymore because you’re not asking for anything unreasonable.', 'base_result': 'Okay Seamus, you said you\'ve been experiencing this intense emotional rage, and that you feel like you\'re "puking up junk."  That sounds incredibly overwhelming. Can you tell me more about what triggered this feeling, even if you\'re not completely sure?  It\'s okay if it\'s unclear, the important thing is to try and understand it.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'No, and maybe it is, but there’s a difference between that when you’re doing it to someone to hurt them or just to blurt out whatever , even though it can hurt them; and doing it to someone in the sense of a relationship with an up or a well-meaning intent. There’ s a dif ference between that and just puking out whatever . Those are dif ferent things. Some of the stuf f you’re saying are both of those and some of it is more one than the other . But what I mean is that, well, I’m glad that you don’ t feel like it’s just all junk because there’ s value in the emotional honesty even if some of it hurts. I think that’ s true. And some of it doesn’ t, so I’m glad you’re thinking about it.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Okay . Good, good." patient: "Yes, I get that you’re hurting and I know what that would’ve done to me in the past and I’m not backing down. And I know that there’ s going to be the onslaught. I mean this is a fucking fireswamp. I mean this is just going to be, this is just going to be and I get it. This is karma; this is the path that you set up a long time ago. Intentionally , unintentionally it doesn’ t make any dif ference. It’ s all the damn dominoes that you’ve set up. You can’ t talk about your feelings; you can’ t do this. It’ s 27 years of this so here’ s what happens. Here’ s what happens after 27 years of setting up those dominoes." mental health assistant: "Well, okay but this is a two-person issue." patient: "Oh I know but I’m going to take responsibility for me." ', 'therapist_result': 'Sure, but you’re not yes and my guess is there were times in the marriage you did try to talk about your feelings and you were shut down and maybe her as well. That’ s usually what happens. Somebody teaches you how receptive they are to what you think and feel but you’re not able to do that anymore and you’re not asking anything unreasonable at all. Physical and emotional intimacy , that’ s one of the reasons why people get married and have romantic relationships in the first place, those two things. So this isn’ t anything that’ s unreasonable. It’ s a game changer , right, because you’re married kind of in name only, and she’ s okay with that because she’ s getting her emotional needs met elsewhere but you’re not okay with it any more. I mean I’m very proud of you even though I recognize that it’ s a deeply painful experience. But it almost needed to happen because you’re not good at not being honest with you.', 'base_result': 'Okay, I hear you saying this feels like an overwhelming, almost inescapable situation, like a "fireswamp" you\'re wading through.  You\'re acknowledging that you\'ve played a part in creating this, intentionally or unintentionally, and that the consequences are now unfolding.  It sounds incredibly heavy to carry, especially with the weight of 27 years behind it.  Can you tell me more about what those dominoes represent, and what specifically you’re feeling about this situation right now?  What are some of the strongest emotions you’re experiencing?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Well, okay , I’ll go along with that but I think that it’ s important to consider that there’ s something outside of you that also makes a dif ference. I think that you still have a lot of trouble hearing that. I think you’re very adamant that this is my responsibility . I do think you’ve been responsible for your choices. I do think that the way that you think about the world and your relationship to it and the things that happen in it are yours. I totally get that. That’ s a good thing. That’ s not a problem. But when you say I’m going to take responsibility for me I think that you might be missing something.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You’re not good at not being honest with you. You can do it but -" patient: "I think I’ve been doing it for a long time." mental health assistant: "Yes, but it’ s taken its toll. Yes, and what you’re asking the compliment that’ s missed is I want to be close to you. That’ s not what she heard but in some ways -" patient: "But I don’ t yes, you know what? I don’ t think that’ s there." ', 'therapist_result': 'Well I, and I hear what you’re saying but the idea that I want intimacy and this is your expectation I don’ t know if you guys can do that or have that given all of the damage that’ s been done. I don’ t know that you can’t have it but I don’ t know and I don’ t know if that’ s what you’re seeking from her but stating that expectation there’ s still an inherent compliment and it is this is what I’ve been looking for; this is what I need.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying you don't think that desire for closeness is actually there from her side?  That's a really important realization. Can you tell me more about what makes you feel that way? What specifically leads you to believe that closeness isn't something she wants?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Here’ s how I would say it. You don’ t know how much you’ve affected her or what it means to her or how it makes her feel. You’ve never turned down any of these events. You’ve never missed a birthday party or a birthday cake or a present. Even if you’re not going to the event, you’re there with a gift and a phone call and a Happy Birthday . How could you not be there to pick her up? It’ s her wedding day . How could you not be there for her graduation? How could you not be there for her birthday? You’re her mother and it’ s her wedding day .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yes, and can’ t speak and interestingly enough there’ s a mask. I’m wearing The Lone Ranger mask and a little cowboy hat." patient: "The five-year -old?" mental health assistant: "Yes, this five-year -old and I got rid of all that stuf f. You don’ t need to have this on." patient: "Yes. So I do meditation in the morning and I got this meditation bench. So the posture that I have is you’re kneeling on the floor on this bench and this little five-year -old is just right from me and it’ s just, it’ s a really powerful imagery right now so that’ s really -" ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s almost like, and pardon my interpretation if it’ s not correct, but it’ s almost like I’m kind of walking with you through this image but I imagine for the first time in being honest about your feelings not only do you validate them but you comforted yourself. So in some ways you provided the intimacy that you needed because you believe that your feelings are true, honest and valid. And before you had been dismissing them.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re describing a powerful image from your morning meditation –  a five-year-old you, wearing a Lone Ranger mask and cowboy hat, and you\'ve symbolically gotten rid of that "stuff."  That sounds like a significant experience. Can you tell me more about what that "stuff" represents to you?  What feelings come up when you think about letting go of it?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah. In other words, a really important thing that I need to understand and that we need to understand about your anger and where it comes from, where it’ s been contained, where it’ s been suppressed and who it’ s towards. Because when you’re angry it’ s not just about feeling angry and wanting to blow up, it’ s really a powerful feeling, it’ s really scary and it’ s really important. What’ s scary about it?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yelling at you physically?" patient: "Oh yes. I can’ t go there. And what if I had some other kind of thing like if I was in a car accident and I was a quadriplegic and would you stop loving me then too? And I get, you know , I get that this is a very real thing for her . And she says fine if intimacy is, if that’ s so important to you then just go find somebody and have yourself a good lay and then so she’ s just yelling" mental health assistant: "And then? And then what?" patient: "Yes, I don’ t know . And be happy or something. She can’ t understand. She can’ t hear what I’m saying." ', 'therapist_result': 'Sure because she’ s coming from her own place of fear . But again it’ s unfortunate that she’ s not hearing what you’re saying because for her it’ s about you’re going to ask me to do something I don’ t want to do. And what? It’ s certainly not unreasonable that married people have sex regardless of whatever age across the lifespan.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling really hurt and confused right now.  Your partner is yelling at you, and you're worried about the future of your relationship, even imagining scenarios like a car accident leaving you quadriplegic. It sounds incredibly painful and overwhelming.  Can you tell me more about what's going through your mind right now?  What specifically makes you feel like she can’t understand you?  What are you feeling *besides* confused and hurt?  Maybe there are other emotions underneath.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . So here’ s the thing, Brian. There is a lot of confusion and at the same time to me a lot of clarity about what’ s going on. Confusing in the sense of what you’re saying and how you’re kind of opposing dif ferent things. I’m not sure if you’re saying that you need her to yell at you because you feel kind of like if she does it’ s okay if she doesn’ t I’m not sure. What is the kind of love and commitment that you’re looking for? And what about the way she acts and is toward you? What does that matter? What does that have to do with it?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You know what I wonder? Sorry to interrupt you. It’ s almost like, and obviously I don’ t know your wife, but it’ s almost like you know what the real fear might be about for her? Finding out there’ s something wrong with her ." patient: "Oh yes, I know that." mental health assistant: "Yes, right, and so -" patient: "Because there’ s nothing wrong with her ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yes. Well so instead I say there’ s something wrong with you, there’ s something wrong with your expectation, but deep down I wonder because I don’ t know . I think it’ s pretty common knowledge or maybe because I teach the human sexuality class but most married couples have sex around once a week. Younger married couples have sex more; middle-aged couples usually have sex about one time a week. This is not give you something I can’ t give you, I’m not capable of. What’ s wrong with me? So it’ s just a lot easier to say what’ s wrong with you that you even want this? Well of course you would. I mean it’ s a healthy need, absolutely normal, nothing wrong with it. It’ s the expectation that you would be having sex with your wife. But this of course sex is the smallest piece of this. This is not about sex. Sex is just a way to communicate emotional intimacy .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you've said there's nothing wrong with your wife, which is reassuring for you.  That's a significant statement.  Can you tell me a little more about why you feel that way? What makes you so certain?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'And it’ s almost like the model for how to deal with that fear is to sort of, I’m not sure of the, what the right language is, but to kind of turn it outward onto you and be like, well I’m worried something is wrong with him. I guess it’ s because of something wrong with me. But there isn’ t, so that makes me feel a little bit better about not looking at my own fear which I think it is.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So you’re going to make me breakfast now ." patient: "And she’ s saying those words to me. So what I feel is I’m putting all this intimacy out here and you’re just pushing me away . And I said I can’ t just turn it on like a spigot." mental health assistant: "Sure, sure. And it’ s still another representation of the fact that she doesn’ t even get what you’re asking. [0:51:40]" patient: "She doesn’ t get it." ', 'therapist_result': 'Like if I just come home from choir practice and make you breakfast then we’ll be okay and we can go back to what we were. But you aren’ t going back; that’ s not possible. And it’ s not about breakfast, right? Maybe a decade ago it might have been about breakfast and talking over breakfast but we’re far beyond that point. It’ s –in some ways I would imagine it minimizes what you feel. [0:52:1 1]', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling pushed away, and that hurts.  It sounds like you\'ve shared something very intimate and vulnerable with her, and her response, or lack thereof, is making you feel unheard and unappreciated.  Can you tell me more about what she said or did that made you feel like she doesn\'t understand?  What specifically about her response made you feel like she\'s pushing you away?  And when you say you can\'t "turn it on like a spigot," what does that mean to you?  What are you feeling when you try to express these intimate feelings?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Like I guess to me what’ s important is not so much that she was wrong or even right but that she just doesn’ t get like what that means to you, or even that what she said was so direct. I mean it sounds like it was more indirect of, “Hey , it’ s 6:45, I’m tired, whatever .” I mean it wasn’ t even like, “What are you talking about?” You know , “What are you on about?” It was just kind of like not at all in the same realm of what you were talking about.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Probably less so with some of the students in the program given they’re in the same place. You can share a piece with this person and a piece with and that’ s one of the things I typically find with students in that program. With students who support other students they’re typically really good at doing that but you are processing this so you’re in the middle of it. Like I said I am really proud of you even though I know that this is a really painful place. But I also know , I mean I want you to think about how much this took out of you. I mean I want you, I guess I want you to know how brave you are. This is an act of bravery because if we went back to, and we can because they’re all on tape, earlier sessions even my mentioning the idea of your anger you said I can’t go there. Even the idea of thinking about talking to your wife brought up all this anxiety and you just busted through that in such a short amount of time. [0:56:08]" patient: "Yes, I know . I know and I guess it’ s just the way – I don’ t know . I suppose if I sat and reflected on it I suppose that that’ s kind of the way I do things." mental health assistant: "Okay , it’s been a long time coming." patient: "Like planning and planning to build a house and finally boom, we’re going to make it happen. Planning and planning to start your own business and it’ s like okay this is it. So I suppose that that’ s the way I do things. I don’ t know . [0:56:41]" ', 'therapist_result': 'Well if anything comes up and you need to talk, even though we’re on Spring Break next week, if you send me an e-mail I’ll call you. And I don’ t offer it if I don’ t mean it. So if you say – and it’ s the best way to get in touch with me because the phone’ s right there. So if you say can you give me a call I’ll say yes, what time do you have, I’ll definitely give you a call. That’ s never a problem. [0:57:05]', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying that you approach big things in life, like building a house or starting a business, with a lot of planning and preparation, and then, suddenly, you just commit and make it happen.  That sounds like a really deliberate and thoughtful process. Can you tell me more about what that "boom" moment feels like? What triggers that final decision to move forward?  And what are some of your thoughts and feelings *during* the planning phase?  It sounds like a lot of internal work goes into it before you reach that point.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I think what you’re neglecting, though, is that there’ s more to it than that. There’ s some, not a little bit but a lot, neglect about how much you work at this. I think you want to say “Oh, I guess I do it, you know? I guess I make it happen. I guess I do it the way I do the house and I guess I do it the way I do with the business.” I don’ t think it’ s like that. I think you work your ass of f to make it happen. I think this is an act of discipline. I think that’ s what people are missing.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Okay , it’s been a long time coming." patient: "Like planning and planning to build a house and finally boom, we’re going to make it happen. Planning and planning to start your own business and it’ s like okay this is it. So I suppose that that’ s the way I do things. I don’ t know . [0:56:41]" mental health assistant: "Well if anything comes up and you need to talk, even though we’re on Spring Break next week, if you send me an e-mail I’ll call you. And I don’ t offer it if I don’ t mean it. So if you say – and it’ s the best way to get in touch with me because the phone’ s right there. So if you say can you give me a call I’ll say yes, what time do you have, I’ll definitely give you a call. That’ s never a problem. [0:57:05]" patient: "Thank you." ', 'therapist_result': 'So if you still need to process this or if something happens and you need to kind of explore that please go ahead and again I will say I will never of fer that if I don’ t mean it. So if you e-mail me I will give you a call.', 'base_result': '"Thank you" is a good start, but it feels a little understated given the weight of what you\'ve just described.  You\'ve talked about significant life changes – finally building a house and starting a business –  both of which are massive undertakings.  That takes a lot of planning, courage, and dedication.\n\nSo, I\'m wondering… how are you *really* feeling about all of this?  It sounds exciting, but also perhaps a little overwhelming?  What are some of the emotions that are coming up for you right now?  Are you feeling mostly excited, relieved, anxious, or something else entirely?  There\'s no right or wrong answer.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah, it is a big change in your life. I mean whether it’ s a bummer or not, or yeah, a little bit, but it’ s a big change. It’ s sort of a – it’s a lot, it’ s like three years of your life. I mean you’re in the – it’ s your late twenties, your early thirties, a lot happens in that time. And then on top of that, I imagine there’ s some sadness, you know , about it and some regret, I imagine.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I know some good ones so let me know . [0:58:1 1]" patient: "I’ll take suggestions but I’m – I remember talking to someone who’ s this couples counselor . She said yes, I can work with a couple. It’ s just I ask them up front are you with me on this? And a lot of times I get a lot of resistance. Can you give me at least 25% you’re in on this? And I’ve got nothing; I’m bringing nothing to the table. I’ll give you that I will go but there is just absolutely nothing there but today anger and rage and I’ve got no compassion today . [0:59:07]" mental health assistant: "Sure. Well, I – the only person you need compassion for right now is yourself because you have not given you much compassion over the years. So right now , I hope you are most compassionate with yourself." patient: "I can do that even though I’m getting the message of you’re being incredibly selfish." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yes. I don’ t see it that way , not that I’m an expert on such things but – I guess if I thought that there was some unreasonable expectation then I’d say let’ s look at your expectations but I hear very normal, healthy expectations for a marriage; nothing that’ s not. Nobody’ s perfect but wanting physical and emotional intimacy from and with your wife, stating that as a need, is absolutely normal.', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're experiencing a lot of frustration and anger right now, and that's completely understandable.  You're facing resistance from couples in your therapy, and you're feeling like you're giving a lot without getting much in return.  You even mentioned feeling like you're being incredibly selfish for showing yourself compassion.  Can you tell me more about what's contributing to this feeling of selfishness?  What specifically makes you feel like you're being selfish by prioritizing your own well-being?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'You are acting out of the same kind of compulsive need that you always act out of, which is most acutely and prominently manifested in your compulsive eating, that eating is an attempt to soothe the terrible pain of feeling so frustrated and so cut of f at times, and this is the same thing but instead of stuffing your face you are blowing up at your mother . It is no less self-destructive long-term. It gets you immediate gratif ication because you have a mother looking up and very compliant and doing what she is told. So I guess I would say this is the same kind of attempt to soothe oneself by enacting something compulsive that compulsive eating is.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You weren\'t present." patient: "Yeah, because I\'m already distant from my family ." mental health assistant: "It\'s hard not to be there at times like this. Those rituals, whatever rituals your culture has, having those rituals to participate in really does bring a sense of togetherness and support.  And it\'s hard to be apart from that and not able to participate." patient: "And it turns it, I think, into a positive experience because you end up telling stories about them." ', 'therapist_result': "Yeah. You get to share in your memories and connect. I think funerals and wakes and sitting Shiva every culture has their own thing, but they're all about bringing people together . And that's exactly what you're feeling. You're so set apart right now from your family , from friends here.", 'base_result': "Okay, so you mentioned that not being present at these family events turned into a positive experience because you end up telling stories about them afterward.  That's an interesting observation. Can you tell me more about that?  What kind of stories are you telling, and what does that feel like for you?  What aspects of the experience make it positive, even though you weren't physically there?\n", 'finetuned_result': "Yeah, that's it. I think that what you're describing is, in a way , a very healthy approach to being away and not in the midst of the heart of things, right? Which is that you're sharing the experience with them and with your aunt and at the same time you're being reminded that you're not there and you're hearing, I imagine, a lot of stories about the experience and that kind of ... you're on the outside but at the same time, I imagine, very much feel like you're on the inside."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So what do you think holds them together or what is it that allows Angela to see these things that she dislikes but also stay connected?" patient: "I have no idea.  I\'ve been thinking about that for a long time. I\'m like, "How could she . . ? How could you . . ?" I\'ve been thinking about it for a while. I really have." mental health assistant: "Yeah. Well you\'re watching this play out." patient: "Right. And it would be nice. Even though I don\'t necessarily want to be friends with Julia, but it would" ', 'therapist_result': "Just to use her as an example. I think we talked a little bit last time about what are the things that feel disappointing to you in that relationship and what are the things that are hard for you to reconcile? But I'm wondering would there be value or what is the value in continuing a friendship with her or a relationship with her , even though she's making these decisions that you disagree with or acting in ways that you find uncomfortable?", 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'ve been observing this situation with Angela and Julia unfold, and you\'re grappling with how they maintain their connection despite the negative aspects you\'ve witnessed. You\'ve been pondering this for a while, and it\'s clearly causing you some distress.  That\'s understandable.  It\'s a complex situation.\n\nYou mentioned it would be "nice" if you understood their dynamic better. Can you tell me more about what specifically would make it "nice" to understand their relationship?  What would that understanding allow you to do differently or feel differently?\n', 'finetuned_result': "Yeah, but it would be nice if you guys could be in the same department. It would lessen the tension. I mean I've always assumed that the reason why , even though there are some pretty bad things going on, I've always assumed that the reason why you guys had stayed pretty connected, especially for a long time, even if it's just, I mean it seems like it's been harder with Emily  been harder with your sisters."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It seems like it\'s not friends. It\'s not maintaining a friendship, but it\'s trying to have conversations to figure out how to be civil." patient: "Right." mental health assistant: "And how to share the space that you do need to share for the next two months." patient: "Right. That\'s kind of like what it felt like in the kitchen that day , it was like being civil. How is your job? How is your mother? Okay . That\'s good." ', 'therapist_result': "And that's one that's important. There are going to be relationships you have where that's all you can do because you can't necessarily make a friendship out of that or even necessarily companionship; but being civil so you don't have to feel angry all the time. It's unfortunate because you guys were close friends.", 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that the situation feels a lot like that day in the kitchen – a need for civility rather than genuine friendship.  That makes sense.  It sounds really challenging to navigate that kind of dynamic, especially knowing you'll be sharing space for another two months.  \n\nCan you tell me more about what that felt like in the kitchen that day? What specific things happened? What emotions did you experience?  There's no right or wrong answer here; I just want to understand your perspective better.\n", 'finetuned_result': "What feels dif ferent? It feels like there was kind of a new level of... there was the sort of civil, it's good to see you, how are you, that you're both saying. And it felt like there was something new in the air in the kitchen that day . Was it that you were feeling... was there an opening or an opportunity , or was it sort of, nah, I'm not going to hold back anymore? How does it feel?"},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And how to share the space that you do need to share for the next two months." patient: "Right. That\'s kind of like what it felt like in the kitchen that day , it was like being civil. How is your job? How is your mother? Okay . That\'s good." mental health assistant: "And that\'s one that\'s important. There are going to be relationships you have where that\'s all you can do because you can\'t necessarily make a friendship out of that or even necessarily companionship; but being civil so you don\'t have to feel angry all the time. It\'s unfortunate because you guys were close friends." patient: "Right. Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': "But it's not cutting of f. It's like you're trying to find a way back from that line where you could just totally cut her of f and pretend you don't see her when you see her . It's like you're taking steps to not do that and maintain a civil connection. This gives you options.", 'base_result': 'Okay, so you mentioned that sharing space for the next two months feels similar to that experience in the kitchen – a feeling of having to be civil.  That sounds really challenging. Can you tell me more about what that feeling of "civil" means to you in this context? What specifically makes it feel difficult or uncomfortable?\n', 'finetuned_result': "It's really like almost a stage of grieving again, you know , from the friend part of the dyad to the work part of the dyad and the social part of the dyad. You're going to be grumps about it, sad about it and at some point it's just going to be okay . It's like anything else. You're a little kid and you're not a little kid anymore. It's okay . This is life."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "How did that compare in feeling to being able to punch him?" patient: "I don\'t know . It actually felt better . I think the one where I punched him was kind of like the old me coming out or when I was in a relationship with him, what I wanted to do then, but it didn\'t seem what I want to do now . Do you know I mean? So it kind of seemed like something I\'ve been holding onto or wanting to do for a long time, but maybe not necessarily caring that much about it anymore.  I think that\'s why the cordial "okay , we\'re acknowledging that we are not going to stop and speak because you\'re an awful person and you think I\'m an awful person; but we\'re acknowledging each other\'s existence."" mental health assistant: "Yeah, it\'s being very human. You\'re human. I\'m a human. I don\'t want anything to do with you, but I know you\'re there." patient: "Right. Right.  That seems more likely , I guess, the kind of reaction I would have now , which I guess is progress." ', 'therapist_result': "Yeah. You did it because you like it better for yourself. It sounds like in some ways punching him feels good because you're really angry and you have good reason to be really angry at him and it's a good way of letting out all that aggression but then you feel kind of bad about it. So then you're left with feeling guilty that this is the way that you're expressing your anger; and it sounds like you feel better about yourself kind of acknowledging him and also acknowledging yourself that you want nothing to do with this person and you don't like who they are. Yet you don't have this need to hurt and it sounds like that leaves you feeling better about you, which is really what it comes down to, feeling okay with yourself and not needing everybody else to like you in order to feel okay with yourself. But you don't need him to like you. You don't like him either and that's okay , but you do have to like yourself.", 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying that the "cordial acknowledgment" felt like a more accurate reflection of how you\'d react now, compared to the impulse to punch him?  That\'s a significant observation. Can you tell me more about what makes the cordial response feel like "progress" to you? What specifically feels different about it?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah, I would say so. It\'s more about an honest, very human kind of feeling about it. It\'s not a fantasy about punching him, which is something that you can imagine doing to him in your fantasies, which are related to all of the things that have happened between you two. No, it\'s a very human and honest "I don\'t want to have anything to do with this guy ."'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah, it\'s being very human. You\'re human. I\'m a human. I don\'t want anything to do with you, but I know you\'re there." patient: "Right. Right.  That seems more likely , I guess, the kind of reaction I would have now , which I guess is progress." mental health assistant: "Yeah. You did it because you like it better for yourself. It sounds like in some ways punching him feels good because you\'re really angry and you have good reason to be really angry at him and it\'s a good way of letting out all that aggression but then you feel kind of bad about it. So then you\'re left with feeling guilty that this is the way that you\'re expressing your anger; and it sounds like you feel better about yourself kind of acknowledging him and also acknowledging yourself that you want nothing to do with this person and you don\'t like who they are. Yet you don\'t have this need to hurt and it sounds like that leaves you feeling better about you, which is really what it comes down to, feeling okay with yourself and not needing everybody else to like you in order to feel okay with yourself. But you don\'t need him to like you. You don\'t like him either and that\'s okay , but you do have to like yourself." patient: "Right." ', 'therapist_result': "It's interesting because, hearing you talk about the dream and the dif ferent reactions, reminds me of how you dealt with your dad coming to graduation. In some ways it was kind of like you wanted to hit your dad for even thinking about coming to graduation. He came and you had some awkward interactions with him, but in the end it was kind of okay and you were kind of surprised by it Am I remembering this completely incorrectly?", 'base_result': 'Okay, so you said "right."  That tells me you\'re processing things, but I\'d love to understand a bit more.  What specifically about what we\'ve talked about resonates with you right now?  What part feels most accurate to your experience?\n', 'finetuned_result': "So you're moving away from needing to hurt someone as a way of dealing with it to a healthier place of not hurting someone and not liking the person you're hurting and not wanting anything to do with them and that's the progress. That's the new way that's more mature and healthier , more adaptive."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "How does that sound as a homework assignment?" patient: "That sounds good.  That sounds really doable." mental health assistant: "Coming up with your homework is always such a great [thing.]  It\'s like asking a kid to develop their own consequence. They\'re always harder on themselves." patient: "Is that true?  That\'s funny ." ', 'therapist_result': '"Always" is probably a strong word. Often. Often it just makes more sense. You know what? In both instances when I ask you to sort of come up with a homework assignment or asking a child to come up with a consequence, it\'s because you choose something that\'s meaningful for you. I could choose something for you that makes sense out of what we talked about today and it might make sense, but having you just kind of think of it on your own is something that really feels meaningful to you. It\'s going to be so much more valuable. The conversation goes nowhere or the conversation gets you what you think you\'re going to get out of it either way , tackling it clearly it\'s meaningful to you just to approach it.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you found the homework assignment doable. That's great to hear!  It sounds like you're feeling positive about being able to manage it.  Can you tell me a little more about what makes you feel it's doable?  What specifically feels manageable about it?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah, that\'s always impressed me. I\'ll say , "Here\'s some homework for you to do," and they\'ll say , "Yeah, but I\'ll probably do more than that," or, "I\'ll make sure to do this too." I\'m like, "Whoa, okay . Okay ."'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Coming up with your homework is always such a great [thing.]  It\'s like asking a kid to develop their own consequence. They\'re always harder on themselves." patient: "Is that true?  That\'s funny ." mental health assistant: ""Always" is probably a strong word. Often. Often it just makes more sense. You know what? In both instances when I ask you to sort of come up with a homework assignment or asking a child to come up with a consequence, it\'s because you choose something that\'s meaningful for you. I could choose something for you that makes sense out of what we talked about today and it might make sense, but having you just kind of think of it on your own is something that really feels meaningful to you. It\'s going to be so much more valuable. The conversation goes nowhere or the conversation gets you what you think you\'re going to get out of it either way , tackling it clearly it\'s meaningful to you just to approach it." patient: "And it also sounds doable, which is nice." ', 'therapist_result': 'Right. And any goal should be doable. You don\'t want to set yourself up for failure, but if you can do this and have this conversation, then you have something to build on the next time rather than feeling like "here is a really hard task I set up for myself. It\'s too hard to approach" or "it\'s too hard to do." And then you feel badly about not doing it. It doesn\'t get you anywhere.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re finding the idea of creating your own homework assignment appealing because it feels doable. That\'s a really important point.  Can you tell me more about why "doable" feels good right now? What makes it feel different from perhaps other approaches to tackling things?\n', 'finetuned_result': "There's something else about homework, which is that it's partly just taking some ownership over what we're doing together and your treatment. Maybe it's like this, Laura. We work together for fifty minutes of your time and some of my time and then you go of f and I go of f and then we start again. But I think coming up with some homework is your reminder that you're continuing to think about things. It's not like the whole is just fifty minutes and then this other separate part is the rest of the time.  Even though we're not together , you're remembering it. It's ongoing."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "That\'s actually a really good analogy because chocolate and sushi seem like they really shouldn\'t be together . I can\'t even imagine two foods that seem less likely to be paired." patient: "Right. She is a chef so her food, her ... Besides she\'s very , she\'s brilliant. So..." mental health assistant: "That\'s a very interesting. Chocolate and sushi." patient: "Yeah so I was . You wouldn\'t even find them in the same kitchen not even, you know , on the same plate. So... But I\'m saying like on the chocolate sushi couples who..." ', 'therapist_result': 'Thinking about this makes you very nervous and I think that\'s why you asked that question. Like, it makes you very nervous to think about that maybe you and David are not paired well and then the implication like of leaving him I think make you very nervous you think, "Oh, isn\'t it just okay? Some people are dif ferent."', 'base_result': "Okay, so you were using the analogy of chocolate and sushi to describe this relationship, and you're saying they're incredibly different, almost incompatible, like finding them in the same kitchen is unusual.  Can you tell me more about what specifically makes them seem so incompatible to you in this relationship?  What are the key differences you see between you and her?\n", 'finetuned_result': "Okay . That's a very interesting analogy and I think it fits here. I think the pairing of chocolate and sushi, as you say , you wouldn't find them together . In some ways you and Erin have both been operating as if those should be paired together . You're very sort of cooperative with her even though when you've looked at the things that you want for yourself it's not what she's saying or want for yourself it's not what she's saying. And you're both I think operating as if it's very important that those be together . It's like an emotionally and psychologically and, you know , sort of commitment level almost."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But how would I know that? I don\'t know how I\'d know that." patient: "Yeah." mental health assistant: "How would I know that? I mean, you must have an idea in mind." patient: "Yeah. Like...  Well, no it\'s just the objective opinion that like from what we\'ve been talking about. Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': "This I think and important, when you ask me questions that I couldn't possibly know but there's a way... So  Or at least, my feeling is I couldn't possibly know . So there's something that's happening that you feel I would know these things where I feel like I couldn't possibly know these things.", 'base_result': 'Okay, so it sounds like you\'re feeling unsure about how I, or anyone, could possibly know what you\'re thinking or feeling.  That makes sense; it\'s a very private and personal experience. Can you tell me more about what makes you feel like it\'s difficult for someone to understand your perspective, even given our conversations? What specifically makes you think an "objective opinion" is the only way someone could assess your situation?\n', 'finetuned_result': "I guess I was thinking that it's your subjective opinion. That from what we've been talking about, that's what you feel. I'm not thinking like we're sort of looking at a text together and kind of trying to figure out what it means. I mean it's..."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Maybe this thought that there\'s objective facts out there makes you feel safe." patient: "Yeah." mental health assistant: "Like, that I know ... The things that you ask me... Because sometimes you ask me things that I have no idea how to even respond to it." patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': "But there's a way in which... I mean, I think there are a lot of reasons you ask me the kinds of questions you do but I think... And even the fact that, you know , that one would know their limits and know when they should push, I mean, you know , over time you might have better sense of it. But how can you ever really know? You know it empirically , you know? How do you ever really know? Could I have gotten something better or did I go to far? How could you ever really know? These are like uncertainties in life. There are values and choices and responding to your desires.", 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that feeling like there are objective facts out there provides a sense of safety and security for you.  And that sometimes the questions you ask me are ones I find difficult to answer.  That must be frustrating. Can you tell me a little more about what kinds of questions those are, and why you think they're difficult for me to answer?  What's going through your mind when you ask those questions?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'It\'s not my job to sort of tell you, "Oh no, you should think about it this way . It\'s actually this way . Like, it\'s all this way . Like, don\'t worry . I\'m an expert." I mean, that\'s... I mean, that would make you safe, but I don\'t think that\'s a good idea. I don\'t think it would be...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I can see that. I mean, the, the counterpoint to that is though that I often think that you do know . You just don\'t want to know ." patient: "Probably ." mental health assistant: "So that, I think that\'s an important piece too." patient: "Yeah. How do you mean?" ', 'therapist_result': "In a lot of dif ferent ways like, you know , you have feelings about and thoughts about whether David is the right person. You're confused about but you don't know . But you ask questions that you'd like to simplify things in your questions because it gets you away from complexity and confusion.", 'base_result': 'Okay, you said "Yeah. How do you mean?"  That\'s a great question.  It helps me understand what\'s unclear for you.  So let\'s explore that.\n\nInstead of me directly explaining what I meant, I\'d like to hear more from you.  Can you tell me what specifically you\'re wondering about when you ask "How do you mean?"  What part of the idea that you might *know* something but *don\'t want* to know is confusing or needs more clarification?  What are your thoughts and feelings about that possibility?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'So in one hand you\'re saying, "I don\'t know what I\'m doing. I don\'t know where I\'m going. I\'m lost. I don\'t know what to do about it. And I\'m, I\'m certainly in part, not in part, but I\'m lost because I\'ve let women or I\'ve had relationships not work out and that\'s a significant piece of it." And then the other side of that is you clearly have pretty good sense of where you want to go. I mean, you know , you have, you\'ve just af, recently enrolled in engineering school. You\'ve identified a direction that you want to head towards. You\'re thinking about your future, you\'re planning ahead. I mean, there\'s a lot of awareness there and kind of, the, the planning and awareness that goes along with that. And I think sometimes those two things clash.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So that, I think that\'s an important piece too." patient: "Yeah. How do you mean?" mental health assistant: "In a lot of dif ferent ways like, you know , you have feelings about and thoughts about whether David is the right person. You\'re confused about but you don\'t know . But you ask questions that you\'d like to simplify things in your questions because it gets you away from complexity and confusion." patient: "Mm hmm." ', 'therapist_result': "You know , like do, do dif ferent people... Can people who are dif ferent be together? You know , the question is coming I think today came from somewhere you're feeling anxious about the feeling that maybe you and David are not right for each other or just, or probably more specifically that he's not what you want.", 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'ve said "Mm hmm," which tells me you\'re thinking about what I\'ve said.  That\'s great.  Can you tell me a little more about what\'s going through your mind right now?  What part of what I said resonated with you, and what part maybe didn\'t?  What are you feeling as you consider your relationship with David?\n', 'finetuned_result': "Or when you're talking about Jack, you're kind of worried about you know , it sounds like you're a little worried about my kind of sticking up for Jack and kind of taking his side or something. You know , there's that kind of and you want to be reassured that, no, I'm on your side. And I think it's because you're not sure how I'm going to sort of be in this. Again, you want to simplify it, you know? You don't like the complexity of, well, it depends."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And he loves you and so this is perfect for him. So but you have dif ferent needs and wishes and" patient: "Well, yeah. I mean, like I, I feel like trying to take care of myself and provide all the things and the excitement that I want to my , all by myself. Like why do I need him to do that when he cannot, you know? And like it\'s really hard to give him up because I know he loves me, you know? Like I don\'t want to make it a sob story but not having the kind of parents who did, you know , knew anything about love. It\'s hard for me to be like, "Oh, you know , I\'ve had plenty of love."  So..." mental health assistant: "That was a funny comment, not to make it a sob story ." patient: "Well, I\'m trying to not... Because we\'ve talked about this right, I think, feeling like, "Oh, I\'m the only sad person and there are other people that don\'t have sorrow . I\'m an expert at sorrow ." Yeah, I try to make that part of my identity so much. Because I feel like, you know , people have had dif ferent kinds of struggles and this is my struggle and, you know , it\'s specific in particular to me but that is all that it is. You know , it\'s not... It doesn\'t make me an expert on sorrow in general. Just specific instance of sorrow that I\'ve had. So, yeah.  I guess I\'m trying to put it in perspective." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think, yeah. I think about it why I responded to that is what you just said is a comment of quite a lot of weight. That, you know , your attachment to David and your feeling his love and your reluctance to let go of that even if you feel ultimately that he\'s not the best partner for you, that letting go of that would be so painful because it was such, such something that you were deprived of for so long. So that seemed like a statement of such weight and import. So when you said, "Oh, not to make it sound like a sob story ," made it seem like a lot lighter than it really seems it is.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling the weight of trying to meet all your own needs and desires while also navigating a relationship where those needs aren\'t fully met.  That sounds incredibly challenging.  It makes sense that you\'d feel conflicted, torn between wanting to be with someone who loves you and wanting to have your own needs fulfilled.  Can you tell me more about what specific needs aren\'t being met in the relationship?\n\nYou mentioned it\'s difficult to let go because of his love, and the lack of love you experienced growing up.  That\'s a really powerful connection, the desire for love and the fear of losing it, especially given your background.  Help me understand a bit more – what does that fear of losing love feel like for you? What are you afraid might happen if you were to leave the relationship?\n\n\nYou also said you\'re trying to avoid making it a "sob story," and that you feel like an "expert in sorrow."  It sounds like you\'re worried about being seen as overly negative or dramatic.  It\'s understandable to want to avoid those feelings, but it also sounds like you’re minimizing your very real and valid feelings. Can you tell me more about why you feel the need to downplay your struggles? What would it feel like to allow yourself to experience these feelings without judgment?  What might it be like to see your sorrow not as defining your identity, but as a part of your experience, something that you\'re working through rather than something you *are*?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Well, I think that\'s another one of your fears, isn\'t it? That somehow you\'re going to, you know , not take this all the way through and provide for yourself. The same thing, you know , you were saying about a year or two ago about, you know , "Do I really have to do this myself? Does anybody do this themselves?" And, you know , it took some time but it took off and I think that was a big fear for you. I think you sort of have the capacity to do that but it\'s still scary . Still scary when you get to go at it yourself. I think it could also be for you that you are, you know , still trying to be quite careful to, you know , not put yourself in any line of fire of like doing things that are going to upset him or that he might... You might have a conflict with him about. I think you\'re still pretty careful to, you know ...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "That was a funny comment, not to make it a sob story ." patient: "Well, I\'m trying to not... Because we\'ve talked about this right, I think, feeling like, "Oh, I\'m the only sad person and there are other people that don\'t have sorrow . I\'m an expert at sorrow ." Yeah, I try to make that part of my identity so much. Because I feel like, you know , people have had dif ferent kinds of struggles and this is my struggle and, you know , it\'s specific in particular to me but that is all that it is. You know , it\'s not... It doesn\'t make me an expert on sorrow in general. Just specific instance of sorrow that I\'ve had. So, yeah.  I guess I\'m trying to put it in perspective." mental health assistant: "I think, yeah. I think about it why I responded to that is what you just said is a comment of quite a lot of weight. That, you know , your attachment to David and your feeling his love and your reluctance to let go of that even if you feel ultimately that he\'s not the best partner for you, that letting go of that would be so painful because it was such, such something that you were deprived of for so long. So that seemed like a statement of such weight and import. So when you said, "Oh, not to make it sound like a sob story ," made it seem like a lot lighter than it really seems it is." patient: "Yeah. I guess I\'m afraid to dwell on that.  I don\'t know . I feel like maybe I\'ll be okay . I don\'t need his love, you know , but like, what do I know , you know? Maybe if I\'ve been away from him and his love for some time, I\'ll feel deprived of it, you know? I guess on some level, he\'s like wanting to take care of me like a parent.  And he does. And, and then I also want him to be the right partner because, you know , we\'re a couple. So I think I put a lot of really , you know , demands on him. Although I try not to love for paternal love from him. Maybe that\'s also like, you know , if he were to do therapy , maybe he would see that, "Y eah, how can I be, you know , like romantic with her because she\'s, you know , she wants me to love her like a brother kind of thing? You know?" Maybe I look for that and I shouldn\'t I know . But...  Yeah.  I think about Yeah, why would I do that? Why do I look? Yeah, how can I replace one thing for the other like that? Is it because I feel safe with him?  But couples should feel safe with each other , right? I mean, they shouldn\'t be feeling scared of each other all the time." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah, I mean, I think the issue of safety with him is really complicated. Because you trust him and you like his sort of, you like a steadiness. And the other pieces that the way in which you feel unsafe about feel like being with him means that you can tamp those things down and that makes you feel safe too but very frustrated.', 'base_result': 'It sounds like you\'re grappling with some really complex feelings about your relationship with David.  You\'re acknowledging the depth of your sadness and trying to avoid it feeling like a "sob story," but at the same time, you\'re clearly experiencing a lot of emotional weight. That takes courage, to be honest with yourself about that.\n\nCan you tell me more about what it feels like to want both paternal love and romantic love from David?  What are the specific moments or actions that make you feel like he\'s fulfilling one role but not the other?  It seems like there\'s a conflict there, and exploring that might help us understand things better.\n\nYou mentioned feeling safe with him, which is a natural desire in a relationship.  But you also say couples shouldn\'t feel scared.  Can you expand on what makes you feel safe with him, and conversely, what aspects of the relationship might trigger feelings of fear or insecurity?  What does a truly safe and secure relationship look like to you?\n\nYou’re also questioning your own behavior: “Why would I do that? Why do I look for that?”  That self-reflection is really valuable. What thoughts or experiences come to mind when you ask yourself those questions?  Is there a part of you that understands why you might seek these things from David, even if you know it\'s not ideal?  There\'s no right or wrong answer here; we\'re just trying to understand your perspective.\n', 'finetuned_result': "That's an important question because I think it's true that you do, like you say , not want a replacement but you are talking about a kind of safety you feel with him, a kind of not really a safety but a kind of... you, at least you think you've arrived at a place with him where it's not a horrible thing to let go of.  So it's not like..."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Not a dream, exactly . I think it’ s [the same in your dream.]  When you say nightmare, were you at all terrified in the dream ever? Or did it feel more like a nightmare of embarrassment?" patient: "That’ s the thing, I think it was terrifying." mental health assistant: "It was? Exposed to them?" patient: "Yeah. It’ s hard to explain because I think to most people it sounds like, “So your co-workers saw your parents’  house when it was messy? How is that terrifying?” But it’ s not like that." ', 'therapist_result': 'I can just imagine, actually , how that would be terrifying in your experience. I was just asking – you didn’ t describe it so much in that way when you were first telling it. It sounds like it was a kind of really anxious dread about what they saw and what was going on.', 'base_result': "Okay, I hear you saying that it's difficult to explain why seeing your messy house to your coworkers was terrifying, and that most people wouldn't understand.  That makes sense; it's not just about the mess itself.  Can you tell me more about what made it feel terrifying? What specifically about that situation felt so overwhelming or frightening?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think it’ s more the feeling that, I think to you it feels very shameful. It’ s, “If they saw that, that would mean it’ s possible they know me. They know the kind of person I am.”  I think that’ s where the shame is, and that’ s very terrifying. So I don’ t think it’ s the fact that it’ s exposed at all, I think it’ s more, “If they saw this about me, what does that mean about who I am, and then if they know that, do I have any ... then are we real? Is it real anymore?”'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And you weren’ t understanding?" patient: "I couldn’ t answer the questions and I don’ t know why . And then I looked in the hall or something and was being held upside down. I don’ t know why ." mental health assistant: "By whom?" patient: "I don’ t know . But everything I learned was going to my head, which doesn’ t make sense, because the whole point of the dream was that I wasn’ t retaining anything and I wasn’ t learning anything. I think that one is pretty obvious because I’ve been pretty consistently – I don’ t know if worked up is the right term or phrase – but worried that now that I’m out of school I’m losing things or I don’ t know what I want to do next or I’m sometimes doing projects at work that aren’ t really meaningful to me or challenging and afraid that I’m losing. So I think some of these are really crystal clear ." ', 'therapist_result': 'There is a transparency , in a way , that they’re not so strange that they’re far away from your daytime experience, and yet I still wonder that there has been a chain of not-so-good dreams and a kind of anxiety , dread, terror dreams, even where, in a way , Ramona, there is kind of a common thread about a part of', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you had this dream where you couldn\'t answer questions, felt like you were being held upside down, and yet simultaneously felt like you were *overwhelmed* by all the information you *thought* you were retaining.  That sounds incredibly confusing and disorienting.  Can you tell me more about what that feeling of being upside down felt like emotionally?  What kind of sensations did you experience in your body?\n\n\nAnd you mentioned feeling worried about losing things – knowledge, purpose, direction.  You said some of this is "crystal clear" in relation to the dream. Can you expand on that?  What specifically connects your feelings about your post-school life to this dream imagery of being upside down and overwhelmed with information?  What aspects of your work feel unfulfilling or unchallenging?  It sounds like you\'re carrying a lot right now. What are some of those things that you feel you are losing, and what is it about losing them that worries you the most?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah, but I think it also has to do with what you’re telling me, which is part of why I’m asking, with what I think is your worry that somehow you’re going to get locked in to a way of working out of a place of feeling constrained. And I think that’ s why I keep asking questions, because I think it’ s pretty significant that you can answer the questions with no problem but you can’ t answer them and I’m trying to figure out why .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "By whom?" patient: "I don’ t know . But everything I learned was going to my head, which doesn’ t make sense, because the whole point of the dream was that I wasn’ t retaining anything and I wasn’ t learning anything. I think that one is pretty obvious because I’ve been pretty consistently – I don’ t know if worked up is the right term or phrase – but worried that now that I’m out of school I’m losing things or I don’ t know what I want to do next or I’m sometimes doing projects at work that aren’ t really meaningful to me or challenging and afraid that I’m losing. So I think some of these are really crystal clear ." mental health assistant: "There is a transparency , in a way , that they’re not so strange that they’re far away from your daytime experience, and yet I still wonder that there has been a chain of not-so-good dreams and a kind of anxiety , dread, terror dreams, even where, in a way , Ramona, there is kind of a common thread about a part of" patient: "Yes, and I am aware of that level of insecurity , even as I fear . . . I feel really unloved by so many of the things that Ivan has done and I just want him to write something to me. And as clear as it is that he’ s going out of his way and doing some really difficult things and making lots of efforts, I still have this insecurity and this disappointment and this sadness my husband doesn’ t love me; I think this sadness that I’m not very important to my parents, even though . . . It’ s complicated. Or in a week when my sister has had a really long week and she suggested hanging out, but I think she’ s probably too tired, I tell her , “You know , let’s not,” because I’m worried that she’ s too nice to say she doesn’ t want to hang out.  That’ s not what’ s happening, but I’m scared of it. The same thing with my friends – if they’re not as in touch one week, I feel this insecurity and sadness and this kind of pulling back into the self-critical, self-dislike, hate, which doesn’ t feel good, obviously . It has me feeling anxious and down, so I’m not sure where to go with that because I don’ t want to slip. I felt so good about a lot of the work you’ve helped me do to get out of that mindset." ', 'therapist_result': 'You know it’ s a vulnerability , Ramona, so it will ebb and flow , especially when certain things happen.  There is a way you’re waiting for something in writing from Ivan that kind of increasingly has become something that’ s hanging in the air between the two of you and maybe every day that passes, it’ s starting to generate this anxiety . What if he doesn’ t love me and he has to say this positive? I know you don’ t probably intellectually know that that’ s true, but the feeling of waiting and wanting and hoping and each day there is nothing, I think that pulls you back more to those feelings. Again, it’ s an opportunity to get to know more about them and where they come from. There has to be so much self-loathing that’ s starting to just eat away and gnaw at you in your childhood. [00:1 1:03]', 'base_result': "Ramona, it sounds like you've identified some really important connections between your dreams, your anxieties about your future, and your relationships.  You've clearly done a lot of insightful self-reflection.  That's incredibly valuable.\n\nLet's explore some of this further.  You mentioned feeling unloved by Ivan's actions, even though you acknowledge his efforts. Can you tell me more about the specific actions that make you feel unloved, and what it is about those actions that creates that feeling for you?  What might be the difference between what he’s doing and what you *need* to feel loved?\n\n\nYou also mentioned feeling unimportant to your parents, and hesitant to connect with your sister and friends for fear of being a burden.  It sounds like a common theme here is a fear of rejection and a tendency to anticipate the negative before it even happens.  Can you tell me more about where this fear might come from?  What are some of the earliest memories or experiences that might have contributed to this pattern?\n\nYou've expressed a fear of slipping back into self-criticism and self-hate, which is understandable after having made such significant progress. What specifically makes you feel like you might slip back?  What tools or strategies from our previous sessions do you find most helpful in managing these feelings when they arise?  And what support systems, besides me, do you have access to?  How might you utilize those support systems if this feeling of slipping were to emerge?\n\nIt's brave of you to share these vulnerabilities with me, and it shows how far you've come in your self-awareness.  Remember that these feelings are valid, and you're not alone in experiencing them. We can work through this together, one step at a time.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think it’ s not just a slipping problem, necessarily , but a continuing one. I think you were more in slipping it or you were more out of it for a while and I think you’re more in it again, but that doesn’ t mean you’re going to slip as far as you slipped before, I don’ t think.  I’m not sure why you’re in it more now . It seems like it’ s related to what we’ve been working on. I wonder if it’ s also related to the season. A lot of people feel more down this time of year because of less light. I don’ t know . It seems like it’ s sort of been a gradual creep upwards of anxiety and depression over the past few months. You’re describing it more as being preoccupied with something and then more like depression, more like sadness.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You know it’ s a vulnerability , Ramona, so it will ebb and flow , especially when certain things happen.  There is a way you’re waiting for something in writing from Ivan that kind of increasingly has become something that’ s hanging in the air between the two of you and maybe every day that passes, it’ s starting to generate this anxiety . What if he doesn’ t love me and he has to say this positive? I know you don’ t probably intellectually know that that’ s true, but the feeling of waiting and wanting and hoping and each day there is nothing, I think that pulls you back more to those feelings. Again, it’ s an opportunity to get to know more about them and where they come from. There has to be so much self-loathing that’ s starting to just eat away and gnaw at you in your childhood. [00:1 1:03]" patient: "I don’ t know . I don’ t know . Right now I think I’m starting to be aware. I feel like this is part of depression, really – personalizing or magnifying things. So even though Ivan cooked dinner Thursday night, and Thursdays I always have a long day , he made a little footbath for me; just doing a lot of sweet or thoughtful things and showing that he’ s trying. It’ s still there so there is a disconnect." mental health assistant: "When you say “still there” you mean feeling that way towards him?" patient: "Yeah. Or even with my friends. My really good girlfriend from grad school is talking about how she and her boyfriend might move because she hates the weather here and they’re from Arizona, that area, and they really want to go back.  And she’ s like, “The culture here, people are just so snobby ,” which I mean it can be true in dif ferent parts of the city , I guess. I just felt like it was personal at me. I took it so personally like, “She’ s going to leave and we’re not going to hang out anymore and I’m not going to see her anymore. If I stay here and that’ s how everybody really is, what does that say about me?” That’ s so not what she was saying, but I just felt really sad and I also felt kind of insecure. Like I said, I’m thinking that I’m really personalizing. Or like if Emma has a really long week and she is still willing to hang out, but she acknowledges that she’ s had a long week I’m like, “Maybe she doesn’ t want to hang out.” That’ s me, so I need to . . ." ', 'therapist_result': 'You’re recognizing the cognitive distortions and I think you know how to challenge those. Maybe just that you’re aware of them starts to work a step to disable that that’ s actually not personal, what she’ s saying, at all, but I’m making it personal for some reason. Or you’re magnifying the things that aren’ t getting done from Ivan, perhaps, but not really , and dismissing it, despite all the positive, loving things that he’ s doing towards you in forming the global assessment of whether he loves you or not. There is still, at the dynamic layer of what you’re talking about, something that comes out in your dreams, Ramona. There is something about when you say “personalizing,” I think, that is an enormous process that was set in place when you were a kid and it comes up in your dream. For example, you have these surgeons over for a meeting, your work meeting, and you are mortified to the point of dread and terror at what they will see about you when they come into the inside of your home.  I think there must have been  of how your home looked, what your parents were incapable of doing, that you had to internalize as meaning something about you. In other words, if you had a friend over and they saw the house, would they judge you?', 'base_result': "Ramona, it sounds like you're noticing a pattern of interpreting situations in a way that emphasizes negative feelings about yourself, even when the evidence might suggest otherwise.  That's a really insightful observation, and it takes courage to acknowledge that.  Can you tell me more about what it *feels* like when you're caught in that cycle of negative interpretation?  What sensations do you experience in your body?\n\n\nAnd regarding your friend's potential move, it sounds incredibly painful to anticipate losing her.  It's completely understandable to feel sad and insecure when facing the possibility of losing a close friend.  It seems like you're also questioning whether your friendships are as strong as you believed, and that must be difficult.  Can you describe what makes you feel insecure in these friendships, aside from the specific example you gave? What specific thoughts or feelings come up when you’re doubting your relationships?\n\n\nYou mentioned that even with Ivan, despite his thoughtful gestures,  you still feel this disconnect.  That's a valid feeling. It's okay to feel this way, even when someone is clearly demonstrating care. What aspects of the relationship are leaving you feeling this disconnect? Is it just the waiting for the written confirmation, or are there other things contributing to this feeling?  What would it take for you to feel more securely connected with him?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'If you think that’ s the case.  And I think that’ s true. If it is it’ s because you’re really good at not really talking much about how you really feel about things, especially the more unpleasant ones. I think what you’re describing with what’ s going on with your friends and now with the disconnect with Ivan, I think those feelings that you’re describing, those are the kinds of things that you’ve gotten in the habit of not talking much about or thinking about in your everyday life. So when you do have them, especially with your boyfriend, I think you tend to kind of get very hesitant. You don’ t know where to place it and then it kind of becomes this whole thing of, “Oh my gosh. I was thinking that, but did I really? What does that say? Is that bad?” The whole metacognitive part of it. . .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "When you say “still there” you mean feeling that way towards him?" patient: "Yeah. Or even with my friends. My really good girlfriend from grad school is talking about how she and her boyfriend might move because she hates the weather here and they’re from Arizona, that area, and they really want to go back.  And she’ s like, “The culture here, people are just so snobby ,” which I mean it can be true in dif ferent parts of the city , I guess. I just felt like it was personal at me. I took it so personally like, “She’ s going to leave and we’re not going to hang out anymore and I’m not going to see her anymore. If I stay here and that’ s how everybody really is, what does that say about me?” That’ s so not what she was saying, but I just felt really sad and I also felt kind of insecure. Like I said, I’m thinking that I’m really personalizing. Or like if Emma has a really long week and she is still willing to hang out, but she acknowledges that she’ s had a long week I’m like, “Maybe she doesn’ t want to hang out.” That’ s me, so I need to . . ." mental health assistant: "You’re recognizing the cognitive distortions and I think you know how to challenge those. Maybe just that you’re aware of them starts to work a step to disable that that’ s actually not personal, what she’ s saying, at all, but I’m making it personal for some reason. Or you’re magnifying the things that aren’ t getting done from Ivan, perhaps, but not really , and dismissing it, despite all the positive, loving things that he’ s doing towards you in forming the global assessment of whether he loves you or not. There is still, at the dynamic layer of what you’re talking about, something that comes out in your dreams, Ramona. There is something about when you say “personalizing,” I think, that is an enormous process that was set in place when you were a kid and it comes up in your dream. For example, you have these surgeons over for a meeting, your work meeting, and you are mortified to the point of dread and terror at what they will see about you when they come into the inside of your home.  I think there must have been  of how your home looked, what your parents were incapable of doing, that you had to internalize as meaning something about you. In other words, if you had a friend over and they saw the house, would they judge you?" patient: "It’s a really hard thing. It’ s a really hard thing because I honestly grew up never having friends over because it was terrifying, embarrassing, humiliating; and it wasn’ t as simple as telling my parents, “I really want" ', 'therapist_result': 'I totally get that that didn’ t happen and you’ve said that before. I think the point is that you were already drawing a conclusion inside yourself that your friends would then think less of you. In other words, when someone feels mortified, it’ s a kind of personal mortification. Do you know what I mean? Instead of feeling like, “Y eah, look at my incompetent parents. What’ s wrong with them, but this has nothing to do with me? I would have the house clean if I were the parents here,” which, of course you couldn’ t think. You were the child. Of course that is personalized in a way in development. Do you know what I mean? It starts to feel like it’ s some representation of a part of yourself.', 'base_result': "It sounds like you've uncovered something really significant and painful, Ramona.  It’s brave of you to share this.  You're saying that having friends over was terrifying, embarrassing, and humiliating, and that it wasn't as simple as just asking your parents. Can you tell me more about what made it so difficult to have friends over? What specifically made you feel that way?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'It sounds like there was a lot of stress and dysfunction in your family when you were a kid. There are a lot of things going on. I do want to follow up on that and then I’ll stop. A lot of what you’re talking about is actually quite important in your life, but I also think you’ve personalizing it and magnifying it to the point of real misery for yourself and I think some of that is because, as you say , you’re so used to being the one responsible, just as you were so used to being the one responsible for how your mother responded to you.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You’re recognizing the cognitive distortions and I think you know how to challenge those. Maybe just that you’re aware of them starts to work a step to disable that that’ s actually not personal, what she’ s saying, at all, but I’m making it personal for some reason. Or you’re magnifying the things that aren’ t getting done from Ivan, perhaps, but not really , and dismissing it, despite all the positive, loving things that he’ s doing towards you in forming the global assessment of whether he loves you or not. There is still, at the dynamic layer of what you’re talking about, something that comes out in your dreams, Ramona. There is something about when you say “personalizing,” I think, that is an enormous process that was set in place when you were a kid and it comes up in your dream. For example, you have these surgeons over for a meeting, your work meeting, and you are mortified to the point of dread and terror at what they will see about you when they come into the inside of your home.  I think there must have been  of how your home looked, what your parents were incapable of doing, that you had to internalize as meaning something about you. In other words, if you had a friend over and they saw the house, would they judge you?" patient: "It’s a really hard thing. It’ s a really hard thing because I honestly grew up never having friends over because it was terrifying, embarrassing, humiliating; and it wasn’ t as simple as telling my parents, “I really want" mental health assistant: "I totally get that that didn’ t happen and you’ve said that before. I think the point is that you were already drawing a conclusion inside yourself that your friends would then think less of you. In other words, when someone feels mortified, it’ s a kind of personal mortification. Do you know what I mean? Instead of feeling like, “Y eah, look at my incompetent parents. What’ s wrong with them, but this has nothing to do with me? I would have the house clean if I were the parents here,” which, of course you couldn’ t think. You were the child. Of course that is personalized in a way in development. Do you know what I mean? It starts to feel like it’ s some representation of a part of yourself." patient: "Right. And maybe I’m stuck, but it still feels that way because, at a certain age, even at a really young age, there was an extent of a certain amount – even if it was really small and it grew and grew and grew – of what I could do.  And there is something really different between a middle school or an elementary school kid and a high school or a middle school kid in which you can say . . .  As a teenager , if I were living at home and my parents never did any cleaning and my friends came over and I said, “Y ou know my parents don’ t clean the house. It’ s not my fault. This is how it is.” I could do something about it – maybe not all of it, but I still feel stuck in it not being my responsibility , but also not being something that I couldn’ t do anything about. So it still feels like a reflection on me. In theory , if you went over to someone’ s house and you found out that their parents didn’ t take care of it, you would feel sad or worried about them or concerned or maybe even . . . I don’ t know . But I think as a kid you would be like, “I don’ t want to hang out here. Wow, this is what you’re really like and you present something completely dif ferent at school.”" ', 'therapist_result': 'Again, I totally get that as a kid, those are kind of safe judgments to be assuming that other people are making, right? Kids don’ t know better . Other kids wouldn’ t know better . An adult might walk in and say , “Wow, this is neglect of these two girls. What is going on in this household?” and not, at all, put it on you. Even as teenagers, Ramona, at that point, that’ s when they need help from parents who have slowly been teaching them how to take on more and more responsibility based on the parents having been responsible parents. You didn’ t have any of that.  I think the point is there may be ways, as much as we’re talking about – I don’ t know how to explain this – there is this side of you that feels maybe Ivan doesn’ t love you, there is another layer that when you say , “What if I’m with him and he has limitations? Is that reflected poorly on me?” [00:18:1 1]', 'base_result': "That's a really insightful reflection, Ramona.  It sounds like you're grappling with a complex feeling – a sense that your childhood experiences, specifically the state of your home and your parents' inability to maintain it, continues to impact your self-perception even now.  You're recognizing the shift in perspective that happens as you grow older; as a teenager, you could have perhaps articulated the situation and separated your parents' actions from your own self-worth. But that wasn't an option for you when you were younger.\n\nCan you tell me more about what that felt like as a child?  What specific emotions did you experience when considering having friends over, knowing the state of your home?  And what were you afraid they might think or feel?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'There is an awful lot of evidence that you also were aware and felt it was neglectful and hurtful towards you.  It’ s quite possible to have both been hurt by it and felt neglected and to recognize that it also made you feel mortified.  I think you had both reactions to it, which is quite possible.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s a part of what you want to hear . You would also like to hear him say , “And I’m also going to be working on my career .”" patient: "I said, “Ivan, be careful because I think there could be a lot of very legitimate reasons to put of f a job search or put of f even building your resume outside of this now .” Just like that, he’ s been at Subway for a year and he never intended to stay that long. I said, “Just be careful because I think by that reasoning, you could go a few more years, which wouldn’ t be the end of the world, but at some point if you do want to apply for something different or you do want to go back to school, they might wonder why , if you’re really passionate about this, you’ve been working in the food and beverage industry .”" mental health assistant: "And not just for his future prospects, also be careful because this impacts the marriage." patient: "And it’ s getting to be  kind of a touchy point when we go for groceries and we’re trying to take turns buying groceries every other week because now our accounts are separate and he gets really aggressive. The other day , he literally pushed me out of the way like, “No, I’m paying for this.” I feel horrible because I’m sure he feels kind of emasculated. I’m sure he feels like he’ s got to prove something. But then I figure, “Ivan, if you pay for this, can you make a loan payment this month? Will you have enough to pay Dr . Bourd? You have to think about that.” And he’ s like, “W ell, I won’ t, but . . .” And it’ s just hard because it’ s uncomfortable for both of us. It’ s really uncomfortable for both of us right now that I earn . . . It’ s just uncomfortable." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think this is a layer of what’ s getting presented in your dream about “am I stuck down here with my embarrassing family?” With Ivan, with the things that embarrass you about him, while these sur geons are upstairs in their meeting – this division of worlds somehow . Then alternatively , “If I choose to stay , what does that say about me? Am I not that great or not that lovable?” That comes up in your other dreams, too. And I’m not saying from that that that is exactly what it means, that Ivan is actually just like your family , but I think that it’s a lot that gets stirred for you about fearing the same thing is happening; you’re going to be stuck inside this embarrassing house and not be able to feel proud and like you want to make Ivan publicly known and that he’ s someone that you feel good about. And that then you, yourself, is someone you can feel good about.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling uncomfortable and frustrated about the financial dynamic in your relationship with Ivan.  It sounds like you're both experiencing pressure, and it's manifesting in some difficult ways, particularly around grocery shopping.  You've voiced concerns about his career stagnation and the potential impact on his future, and you've noticed his defensiveness, especially around finances. He seems to be struggling with his own feelings of adequacy, maybe even feeling emasculated by your higher earning capacity.\n\nThis must be incredibly challenging.  It sounds like you're trying to balance expressing your concerns for his future and your shared finances with his feelings and sensitivities.  That’s a lot to navigate.\n\nCan you tell me more about what's making this situation feel *most* uncomfortable for you? Is it the arguments about groceries, the underlying financial stress, the worry about his future, the feeling of having to manage both your needs and his, or something else entirely?  Let's explore that feeling more deeply.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'That’ s okay . It’ s a part of what makes it a problem. I imagine it gets to be a part of what makes it a problem that you feel like you’re sort of both in the position of both wanting to be part of the solution and  also, in a way , feeling like you’re the problem. I imagine you feel like you’re both up against something in a way that you’re the cause of something, but that you’re also somehow responsible for and want to fix.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I really have to wonder how much, when you bring that up about other people, how much is simply you pulling back inside yourself that these are your own harsh judgments." patient: "To some extent it is, but then there are times . . . And, again, I think I personalize it to a certain extent. There is a girl I work with who is fresh out of college. She is younger than me by three years.  Not much younger , but it feels like a lot younger . It feels like we’re in a much dif ferent place. She dates and whatever , but she was like, “Oh, I assume people got married young because they wanted to have babies right away .” And I was so humiliated and embarrassed and pictured myself  in like a little House on the Prairie type of scenario, like that’ s all I would ever do with my life because I got married young and I was just so ashamed." mental health assistant: "You could hear her comment as a positive thing, not as really a negative thing. You immediately take it negatively ." patient: "It sounded judgmental. I don’ t know . Or like my really great, close friend from grad school. She and her boyfriend lived together and he actually proposed a few years ago. She would have been roughly our age, I guess; like when we got married, roughly around there when he proposed. Her parents did not approve. They still don’t approve of him. They don’ t like him. He treats her great, so I don’ t know why . The point is that at one point he made a comment and it was not, I think, meant to be how it felt, but he was like, “Crazy kids, getting married young.”  He just said something like that and he was like, “No of fense, Ramona.” I just felt so judged and I felt kind of angry because they kind of have the same lifestyle that we do; we’re just married. So I think some of it is personal, as I said, but sometimes it also feels . . ." ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s not to say that there aren’ t going to be people out there who, for whatever reason inside themselves, have a judgment of that; but there are just as many people . . . I know people who have gone through medical school, have their career trajectory , and sit in a tremendous amount of regret because they are now past the age of having children or it’ s going to be difficult to have children. They haven’ t even found a relationship and really , really regret the way that they did things and could feel envious of you or envious – look at people with their own projections of “I wish I had done it that way .”', 'base_result': "So, you're saying that while you recognize you might be internalizing some of these judgments, there are also instances where external comments genuinely sting.  Can you tell me more about what makes the difference between those internal criticisms and the external ones that feel particularly hurtful?  What is it about those specific comments that makes them feel so judgmental?  And when you feel that sting of judgment, what's the first thing that goes through your mind?  What are you feeling in your body?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'There is absolutely , I think, a sense of shame around this and also a lot of insecurity . In other words, the idea that if someone were to question, which they have, your marriage, which is a marriage that you’ve talked about with a lot of tension and struggle, and a lot of times you say it’s in a context of a lot of pain and difficulty for you, if someone were to question that, that that’ s an awful implication, an awful kind of statement about your life.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s not to say that there aren’ t going to be people out there who, for whatever reason inside themselves, have a judgment of that; but there are just as many people . . . I know people who have gone through medical school, have their career trajectory , and sit in a tremendous amount of regret because they are now past the age of having children or it’ s going to be difficult to have children. They haven’ t even found a relationship and really , really regret the way that they did things and could feel envious of you or envious – look at people with their own projections of “I wish I had done it that way .”" patient: "That’ s kind of the sad thing that bugged me about that comment because I felt like it maybe was a kind of sour grapes type of comment because he obviously did want to marry her , and now he doesn’ t because her" mental health assistant: "Totally ." patient: "But then sometimes I think about it and I’m like, “But maybe they’re smart because after what Ivan did, if we were Kevin and Helen, maybe I would have left because all it would mean was moving and you broke up with your boyfriend.” Not to diminish that that can be devastating, but it’ s different from getting a divorce. So sometimes I just feel like I’m too young. My gosh, I’m 25 and I’m going to couple’ s counselling with my husband. That’ s crazy . I bet nobody who is 25 goes to couple’ s counselling. That’ s how it feels, like I’m too young to have those problems." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think that’ s the heart of the matter . You are struggling, in a way , looking at the dissidence and wondering if you regret them. Is there something you wish you had done dif ferently? And I think the more, Ramona – you know we used to talk about how you could externalize one half of a debate and then hold the pole to argue against the other half and part of reincorporating both sides because they actually are both yours? It’ s not that they aren’ t out there, too. People could judge you for getting married young. People can and will judge people for getting married too old. People judge people for marrying the wrong person. You could find anyone who is going to have any judgment on any decision you make. Good for them. People have transferences. It’ s not saying that their judgments will be great. Here, this example of your friend is a good example. He is judging based on his own history of rejection. That’ s why he’ s judging.  That’ s the root of it. His judgment has nothing to do with you, even though he’ s making it, in his mind, have something to do with you. It has nothing to do with you. What does have to do with you is what you think. Do you know what I mean? There are just as many people who get married at 23 who feel like they made a great decision and feel comfortable with it or have some regret, but some feeling of “thank goodness I did.” Or are totally regretful and get divorced. I think you’re just trying to find what your experience is, what your feelings are about it, whether you regret it.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling a bit conflicted about that comment your friend made, and also about your current situation with your husband at 25.  You\'re sensing a bit of bitterness in his comment, a case of "sour grapes," as you put it.  That\'s understandable – it would be frustrating to hear that kind of reaction, especially given your own feelings about your relationship.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically bothered you about the comment beyond the "sour grapes" aspect?  What made it feel invalidating or hurtful?\n\nAnd you mentioned feeling too young to be in couples counseling. That sounds really tough. It’s natural to feel that way, given societal expectations and the idea of what “should” be happening at your age.  What specifically makes you feel “too young”? Is it the expectation of not having relationship problems at 25?  Or something else entirely?  What are your thoughts and feelings about that?\n\nIt also sounds like you’re weighing the potential downsides of your situation against what might have been, comparing your experience to the hypothetical scenario of Kevin and Helen’s.  That\'s a lot to process. Can you elaborate on what those different experiences would feel like?  What are the specific differences between moving for a relationship versus getting a divorce that stand out to you?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'No, it’ s a tremendous asset, in my opinion, that you’re doing that. You’re not too young to have those problems and it’ s actually really healthy that you’re dealing with it now and the more so because you’re young. I think there are two things there. One is the comparison aspect – there’ s always going to be a tendency for a lot of people to compare, which a lot of times is not helpful. It’ s like people are looking at a menu and saying, “Oh my gosh, who wants to order off the menu? All the things are terrible.” Then there’ s also the question of “Is this the right thing for me and what do I want?” And it’ s hard because we’re going to have those judgments and temptations to compare and yet there’ s also a desire to know what you truly want.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "That it may have actually been a kind of symptom, in a way , to get married so ur gently , of your being so driven forward." patient: "Right. It’ s like the next thing that I have to keep accomplishing." mental health assistant: "The next goal, then the next goal. A marriage can be a kind of “okay , check that of f. Did that. Planned the wedding. Had the wedding.”  It’ s not a calm, content place for it to come from." patient: "Sometimes I’m scared because we’re young now and I just worried that people change. So far , I’ve seen some really not-good changes in Ivan, but I’ve also seen some really amazing changes in him that I didn’ t think were possible at a certain time; and I feel really good about that. But for whatever reason, the depressive thinking, I worry , “What if he doesn’ t stop working at Subway? What if he never writes a note? Is that really okay?” even if I say , “I understand; it’ s just a note.” It really bothers me." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think you’re feeling disappointed and scared. What if this disappointment stays? What if this part of him doesn’ t change, even though there is a lot that’ s been changing? You have often talked about what if you’re here and he’ s been here in development and he does a lot that catches him up, but he’ s still here. What is enough that’ s good enough for you to feel that this is worth keeping? And what is not enough?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling scared about the future of your marriage with Ivan, and the uncertainty is causing you distress.  You\'ve seen positive changes in him, which is wonderful, but the negative possibilities, like him not leaving Subway or not writing a note, are really triggering your depressive thinking.  It sounds like those specific anxieties are disproportionate to the actual situation – you intellectually understand it\'s "just a note," yet it still deeply bothers you.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically feels so unsettling about those possibilities? What does it *mean* to you if he doesn\'t leave Subway or write a note?  What are you afraid will happen if those things don\'t occur?\n\nAnd I\'m hearing that you\'re worried about change in general, particularly since you\'ve witnessed both positive and negative changes in Ivan.  Can you elaborate on what those "not-good changes" were, and how they made you feel?  It seems like you\'re juggling a lot of conflicting emotions and experiences right now.  It\'s understandable that this would be unsettling.  What feelings are most prominent for you at the moment?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I think it’ s pretty dif ferent if you say , “This really bothers me” because it does, and this is a piece of real experience that you’re having; it’ s dif ferent than “What if I’m just depressed and I don’ t care?” There’ s some ambiguity there about whether you’d even notice if he did or he didn’ t. I think that’ s dif ferent. But I think it’ s very dif ferent than if you said, “This really bothers me and it also really bothers me.” There’ s something that’ s very sad and that is upsetting, and yet you can feel it and follow it. I think there’ s something quite dif ferent about the qualities of those two states.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Of course. That’ s not personal." patient: "Right. And to me, in my mind we do need to check things of f the list that we’ve talked about it. We move forward; we resolve; Ivan does move into the bed again. We eventually have sex again." mental health assistant: "She may have just been responding – I had communicated that you had been having some pretty intense anxiety and, I think, PTSD-like symptoms. I think I called it that in a communication to her , but I didn’ t say that I felt that that meant that you shouldn’ t keep doing it.  It sounds like she’ s worried that you may be kind of masochistically putting yourself back there too early or something. I don’ t have a strong opinion about whether that’ s what’ s happening or not. I think you’re experimenting and you would like it to work. And I think if you feel, Ramona, like “it is working for us and I want to try it again,” you should be able to say that to her." patient: "I just worry that if I don’ t try – I’m going to be scared, but if I don’ t try, I’m still going to be scared. It’s just that at some point, it has to happen." ', 'therapist_result': 'And there is as much fear of it actually going well and becoming more intimate or romantically involved is just as scary as not, is what you were just saying. They are both sides of what if you both move forward in your developments together?  Who are you, then, as a couple? You’ve known this for a while. What happens when that changes? It’ s a dif ferent level of intimacy .  You know your own feelings about am I good enough? Will he love this person? Will he hurt me? Will he be attracted to me? All the dif ferent kinds of anxiety about getting closer to someone.', 'base_result': "Okay, Ramona, I hear you saying that you're caught in a difficult situation where you feel scared either way – whether you try to move forward with intimacy or not. That makes perfect sense; it sounds incredibly challenging.  Can you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel scared in both scenarios?  What are the worst things you imagine happening if you do try, and what are the worst things you imagine happening if you don't?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I don’ t think it’ s “don’ t try.” It’ s “think of a way you might try that’ s going to be – I think you’re worried about sort of getting used to, getting over this – again, your words. Like if you get used to it and you can keep doing it then that’ s bad or that’ s masochistic or something. I think you have to think about it in terms of – I think you’re trying to find a sort of happy medium of like, “I’m going to do it, but I’m not going to get so used to it that it’ s masochistic and I’m going to be so over it that it doesn’ t matter .” I think that’ s what you’re struggling with, which I understand because you’re scared. But I don’ t think it has to be one or the other . It may not be a great comparison, but I guess the same thing isn’ t true for me – I don’ t want to get over getting sick and I don’ t want to get used to getting sick. But I don’ t feel like I have to treat it as a masochistic event if I get over it and I have a history of having it. Do you know what I mean? If someone has, for example, epilepsy and they’re used to having seizures, that doesn’ t mean it’ s good, but it also doesn’ t mean that it’ s masochistic or that they’ve become so accustomed to it that they want to be able to have them if they don’ t have them and they don’ t like that. I’m just saying it doesn’ t have to be one extreme or the other . There can be a happy medium.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah. I mean, for get other people, whether they think it’ s normal or not.  There is something you’re noticing about how that range of your self-experience doesn’ t feel your age. When you say it, I’m curious how your little girl feels the subject, even the pre-teen sense of yourself." patient: "Which is bizarre, because in other areas I think I have pretty high expectations or am pretty rigid." mental health assistant: "And sort of a precociously mature sense of competence and self, almost too adult, before you were even adult." patient: "And that that’ s almost the expectation, the standard, not something extraordinary ." ', 'therapist_result': 'There are ways, Ramona – we have to stop – but so much of you lived in a kind of anxiety and a hyper -competence, hyper -independence, hyper -taking care of things, hyper -adult-like state.  One of the things that happens when that has to happen in a family because things are not getting taken care of by parents is that other parts of you can remain underdeveloped. Because the other parts had to so overdevelop, that takes up a lot of psychic space. So this other part, where it’ s more about a relaxed bodily enjoyment, a physical enjoyment, pleasure, relaxed pleasure – there was no room for that as a kid. I don’ t mean sexual, but I mean the kind of subtler , quieter versions of that being on a continuum of experience. There was no room for that, so it makes some sense that this would be an underdeveloped area. Maybe it would be helpful for me to just drop a clarifying line to Dr . Farrow and say I don’ t think your only experience with this is just something to say where you’re coming from now , but maybe it’ s something that would help if Ivan would talk about it and talk to each other more.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying you feel a disconnect between certain aspects of yourself.  You describe feeling a "bizarre" incongruence – a mature, almost overly rigid self in some areas, contrasted with a feeling of being much younger, even like a "little girl" or pre-teen, in others.  This isn\'t what you\'d expect for someone your age, and it feels unusual.  \n\nCan you tell me more about what areas of your life feel rigidly mature, and what aspects feel unexpectedly young?  What specifically makes you feel that way?  It sounds like there\'s a significant difference between these two experiences – can you describe the feeling of that contrast?  What comes up for you when you think about this disconnect?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'There are a lot of ways in which I think you move too close to the standard, and it’s precisely because of the displacement of the most immature and vulnerable feelings, really like 0-10, 1 1-12 , 1 1-13, 1 1-15, 1 1-16. I don’ t know if that’ s your age, but it is not your developmental stage. And moving away from it and then the rigidities and the anxieties that are associated with that. The thing is the rigidities and the anxieties only exist because of the vulnerable, softer , more immature self.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But you’re not your dad, and your sister ’s not your dad. You’re separate people." patient: "No, and she’ s not the only one who’ s experienced that with my dad. I really do get it , in a different role, but I really do get it. And it’ s just hard because what she’ s going in for is obviously very serious. So I can’ t say that she’ s overreacting or she’ s... but it’ s just... it hurts to be pushed away to be kind of insulted with, well, I didn’ t expect you to come home. You can just come home later in the month, and we’ll do fun stuf f instead. It’ s just, she has to know to some extent how that comes of f? And then my sister called her back later , because my mom hung up on me. She’ s like, I think I caught you at a really bad time, Ramona, that you’re upset about this. And so..." mental health assistant: "She doesn’ t get it." patient: "No." ', 'therapist_result': 'Because I was just thinking, let’ s say... I mean, maybe she’ s saying to herself, this isn’ t that important to me that you’re there. [0:06:56] I’ll be fine. She could just say , let’s talk about it, because it doesn’ t feel that important to me. Is it important to you? What does it mean to you to be here? Have a more direct conversation about it. But it’ s all very passive. It’ s like there’ s passive aggression .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling hurt and frustrated because your sister is going through a serious issue with your dad, and your mom's reaction to you wanting to support her has been less than supportive.  You understand where your sister is coming from, but feel dismissed and pushed away by your mom. Is that a fair summary of what you're experiencing?\n\nAnd it sounds like you're carrying a lot of emotion right now.  Can you tell me more about what specifically hurts the most about your mom's reaction? What are you feeling when you think about how she spoke to you?  There's no right or wrong way to feel in this situation.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think she really thinks that she goes there in the stuf f that happens between you and your dad. She’ s not identifying with you or your dad or anyone, and then everything gets really conflated. But the reality is, that is not what happens at all. She’ s never abused in her life, and yet she hears every single word and feels the rejection and the fear and the anxieties that you feel.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Because I was just thinking, let’ s say... I mean, maybe she’ s saying to herself, this isn’ t that important to me that you’re there. [0:06:56] I’ll be fine. She could just say , let’s talk about it, because it doesn’ t feel that important to me. Is it important to you? What does it mean to you to be here? Have a more direct conversation about it. But it’ s all very passive. It’ s like there’ s passive aggression ." patient: "Yeah, but this is not something new . And it... and then my sister called her later . And she said Mom was very relieved that we’re coming home. And so I think she’ s just really worked up and..." mental health assistant: "She says one thing and means another actually ." patient: "And her saying that she thinks that my dad was planning on how to get all her stuf f out of the house... because clearly she’ s going to die from this sur gery? That’ s what she’ s implying. It’ s like, she doesn’ t... I don’ t think she means that. I don’ t think she thinks that. I don’ t think she actually believes that there’ s a high chance of her dying from this sur gery that her sur geon does at least twice a week. I think it’ s more she’ s really upset. And unfortunately it doesn’ t come out in an appropriate... her comments aren’ t very appropriate. [0:07:58] So it’ s just...  it sucks quite frankly , because it’ s hard. I really want to be compassionate, and I really want to go home and pretend like I’m not upset that she pretended we were never going to come... like, nobody cares about... so I’ll pretend like none of that’ s going on and not respond to any additional comments and want to be compassionate. But at the same time it’ s just hard to hear those things sometimes. And...  It’ s just hard. I get that she’ s mad at my dad? I get it. I really do. But saying something like that and having that picture in my head is not... it’ s not helping her . It’s not helping me." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. The feelings you understand. The root feelings, I think, make a lot of sense to you. But the way she handles them and expresses them is crazy . It’s not helpful to either one of you. It’ s very passive, or it’ s very aggressive. Or it’ s very distortive. It’ s not direct communication, or it’ s not communicated through the right people, to your dad instead of to you. [0:08:59]', 'base_result': "That sounds incredibly challenging.  It’s understandable that you’re feeling a range of emotions – hurt, anger, compassion, and frustration all at once.  It's a lot to process.\n\nYou mentioned your mom’s comments are inconsistent and seemingly fueled by her upset feelings about the situation. Can you tell me more about what specifically makes her comments feel inappropriate to you?  What is it about them that's causing you such distress?\n\nYou're also grappling with wanting to be compassionate while simultaneously feeling hurt by her words.  That’s a very difficult balancing act.  What are some ways you’ve tried to balance these competing feelings in the past, or what ideas might you have for balancing them now?\n\nYou said you want to go home and pretend everything is fine.  What would it feel like *not* to pretend?  What would happen if you chose to directly address some of your feelings with your mother, and how might that feel?  What are you most afraid might happen if you did?\n\nFinally, you mentioned that you understand your mom's anger towards your dad.  Can you tell me more about what you understand about her perspective?  How does understanding her perspective help you, and where does that understanding fall short in dealing with her current communication style?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I would say two things. One is I do understand that this is not a new behavior for her . And that doesn’ t change how stressful and frustrating it is. And I do understand that you’re going to be going home and be there for a little while. [0:09:13] But at the same time I think it would be very helpful if she could also be more aware and even change in how she responds to conflicts. So I would say in terms of what you could do in the future, it would be... I think it would be very helpful to have a conversation with her about how this kind of a communication has an ef fect on you and on her. Like to share the more psychological part of this a little bit more. I would also say... and this may not be possible when you go home, but I think the more she could have a therapist or be with a therapist, the better . If she can be more in touch with her own feelings, that’ s going to be... that could change. But I think it’ s going to take a while.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah, and what a healthier response would be to that is to say , I’m so... I’m having a really hard time, I’m so depressed. [0:09:56] Actually it would mean a lot, Ramona, if you came down. Thank you for offering that. It means a lot to me." patient: "Well, the... she said she didn’ t expect it and she understood if we couldn’ t. And it... I guess that it would feel dif ferent to me if she said, of course I would love to see you, of course I value your support. But if you can’ t make it I understand." mental health assistant: "Right, very dif ferent." patient: "That would feel dif ferent from, I wasn’ t expecting anyone to come. I asked if I can drive myself home, if I don’ t even need to be put... it really is... it’ s so deeply insulting ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. And that’ s Ivan, too. I don’ t need anything, I don’ t want anything. It’ s all my fault. You don’t even deserve to be with me, don’ t worry about me, when he’ s actually secretly then taking anyway . It’s not that he doesn’ t need or want anything. It’ s just under ground. Your mother ’s doing the same thing. Don’ t worry . Don’ t come. I’m fine. I’ll drive myself. But secretly she wants you there. And she’ s going to take it once you’re there. And she’ s sort of... she knows you at some level... that you’re going to come. [0:1 1:00] She knows that. But she does it in this very passive way instead of being more direct.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling deeply insulted by your friend's response.  That sounds incredibly painful. Can you tell me more about what specifically made it feel so insulting?  What was it about her words, or the way she said them, that triggered such a strong reaction?  I want to understand how this situation made you feel so deeply hurt.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Well  there is that. The way she said it, her words, and also I think what it evokes in you. I mean the... what it reminds you of, and those feelings around that, that some piece of you I think just really wanted to get better . [0:10:58] And I think what it... what also gets kind of evoked here is just a lot of sadness. I think a sadness about losing your parents, I mean just a deep sadness that I think is woven in here that gets evoked by this. But I also think there’ s another sadness around just this sense of insult, as you put it, about her kind of not really being there for you, which I think is in part, frankly , a projection of your father not being there for you. But nevertheless it’ s what you feel and I think it’ s a sadness just about that, about a lack of someone to be there for you.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Of course she is!" patient: "She’ s not a young, healthy...  she’ s not my other... my friends’  moms’  age." mental health assistant: "Yeah, and she’ s entitled to those feelings. What we’re talking about is that... the way they come out." patient: "No, I know it’ s not okay ." ', 'therapist_result': 'She can say , Ramona, I’m terrified. This is hard for me. I’m having a hard time. Thank you for coming down. I can use all the support I could get right now . Or, are you sure this okay with you, because it means a lot to me? More direct about the feelings. The feelings are so understandable, so understandable.', 'base_result': "Okay, I hear you saying that you know your reaction isn't okay, and that's a really important first step.  It takes courage to acknowledge that.  Can you tell me a little more about what's making you feel this way about your mom's age?  What specifically is bothering you about the difference in age between her and your friends' moms?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'The reason I keep doing that is...  I guess one reason is it seems so often that you try to manage people’ s expectations and you get it wrong. You try to manage your boss’ s expectations and you get it wrong and you hurt yourself. You try to manage your parents’ expectations and you hurt yourself. So I guess I want to make sure we’re on the same page with that. I don’ t want you to think I’m trying to make you feel better or I’m trying to be a certain way , because I don’ t think that’ s usually the case in your life.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "She can say , Ramona, I’m terrified. This is hard for me. I’m having a hard time. Thank you for coming down. I can use all the support I could get right now . Or, are you sure this okay with you, because it means a lot to me? More direct about the feelings. The feelings are so understandable, so understandable." patient: "I get that it’ s not okay . It just hasn’ t... it’ s only helpful after I hang up the phone or after I... to take some space and say , I’m not going to get worked up over these comments. [0:12:02] Or I’m not going to... that’ s her. It’s not... it’s okay to not... it’ s just really hard. And I’m really hoping that this weekend I don’ t respond and I don’ t get drawn into trying to engage in... when she says something like, your father ’s going to move my stuf f out. I’m sorry , I can’ t get that out of my head." mental health assistant: "Yeah, how do you let that thought out of your head ?" patient: "I can’ t... I have a visual image, and I just... I can’ t... it’ s such a horrible thing to say to your kind no" ', 'therapist_result': 'In a way what you’re wanting to practice and you’re bracing yourself for is, how do you start to let her just be... [it’ s like your mom doing]  her thing. This is what your mom does. This is how she distorts her world. It has nothing to do with you actually . And so how do you get enough distance in a way to start seeing ... what you’re doing with Ivan is, wow , these are his deficits. It’ s very sad and disappointing. [0:12:58] And you’ll come back here when you’re back and be able to sort of just sit with who she is and how this all went, and how sad it is that you have to get some distance, even when you’re there, in order to tolerate her .', 'base_result': "Okay, Ramona,  I hear you saying it’s really hard to let go of that image and the thought of your father moving your stuff out. That sounds incredibly upsetting and stressful.  It makes perfect sense that you're having a hard time.  Can you tell me more about what specifically makes that image so horrible?  What feelings does it bring up for you?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think it gets repeated over and over again in your mind. But, okay . All the time. What if we just... let’ s stop for a minute, and if you want to keep talking about it, of course. [0:13:03] But if not, we’re going to stop, and I’m going to say , are you ready for tomorrow , because I know this is a... it’ s probably a critical time. Do you want to keep talking? It’ s okay either way .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So it’ s almost what you do to manage your feelings when you go home. If just you could get some order in that environment, you would feel better in the environment." patient: "I think I always also subconsciously believe very strongly that, if I could clean up the house and if I could take care of all this stuf f and if I could  mediate all their ar guments, that things would be better . [0:16:59] And if I had been able to ever... one of the summers that... I spent every summer doing the same thing and taking care of the house all summer long. And, if I had ever caught up enough or got a good enough plan or strategy or way to manage it all, that it would have been dif ferent. And I know that that’ s not reality? But it really... I can’ t tell you how strongly..." mental health assistant: "That feeling ." patient: "Yes, and it felt like, if I could change that, that then my parents would get along. Maybe my dad would come home, maybe my mom wouldn’ t... I think I magnified it so much. And it... I mean, it felt important for very legitimate reasons. It’ s important to have a clean place to go home after school. It’ s important for everybody to have a clean, safe environment, a sanitary one at least. So that feels true. But it was more..." ', 'therapist_result': 'But you’re saying there’ s a whole fantasy in a way , that if only you could get it clean enough and in enough order , everything right for a second, that maybe the whole system would change. [0:18:03] Maybe your dad would start coming home more . Maybe your mom would feel less depressed. Right?', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying you felt – and still feel to some degree – a very strong belief that if you could just get everything organized and clean, if you could manage everything perfectly, things would be fundamentally better at home.  You feel this deeply, even though you know it's not entirely realistic.  Can you tell me more about what that feeling *feels like* in your body or mind?  Is it a heavy feeling?  A sense of pressure?  Something else?\n\nAnd you mentioned that this belief was tied to your parents' relationship and your father’s absence.  You're acknowledging that you might have magnified the importance of cleanliness and order.  Could you expand on that? What makes you think you might have magnified it?  What were some of the legitimate reasons, as you say, why a clean and safe home felt so important to you?  And how did that feeling impact you then, and how does it impact you now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think you’re referring to, as you see it, the kind of the... one of the big, big problems that you had growing up is that you... it wasn’ t really acknowledged between your mother and your father . [0:18:57] And it wasn’ t really... you didn’ t get to complain. It was kind of like the elephant in the room. Both the kind of... both thinking back on the kind of conflicts you had at home and the kind of thing you complain about at work.  Or the things that make you upset.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah, what...? So you’d start getting so anxious or antsy or mad or...?" patient: "So anxious, so worked up, so upset. Every time I walk in that house I am so upset and so devastated and so disappointed and so... I hate... I just... it brings it all back. And immediately I am right back where I was. And it’ s like I never left." mental health assistant: "So it really triggers you and pulls you back into being like a child, how it felt as a child. [0:20:58]" patient: "It’s completely... I’m right back there. And I’m just as vulnerable. And no matter how old I am it feels like I’m right back..." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. So here’ s the only thing. You’ve found now in your marriage, much to your surprise, that you’ve been playing out the fantasy of, if only I do enough, if I clean enough, if I take care of everything, then somehow that would make things better? It isn’ t true, right? You end up so resentful, angry , falling out of love if you’re doing everything. It actually doesn’ t solve the problem. The fantasy isn’ t true, is not going to change your parents. It’ s not, I don’ t think, oddly  going to make you happier .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that going back to that house isn't just unpleasant, it's like stepping back in time.  It completely overwhelms you and leaves you feeling as vulnerable as you did as a child.  That sounds incredibly difficult.  Can you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel so vulnerable in that space? What memories or feelings are most strongly triggered?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'So it’s very difficult to be yourself in that space, in the family home. It’s very hard to feel like an adult there, like the self who’ s grown up and knows what they want and is okay with it, okay with not having what they want.   So I think in the session, in this space, it’s quite dif ferent. You’re more yourself, I think, in a way that I think is dif ferent. So today , when we started, you were anxious about being here and being late, and it’s dif ferent. You get to think about those feelings and think about why they’re there and talk about why they’re there. And it’s okay. It’s okay to be anxious.  You said, “I don’ t even know why I’m here.” It’ s okay not to know why you’re here or what you want to say . It’ s okay to wait for that. And I think, yeah, I think there’ s a kind of a differentness about what happens here, which is, in this space at least, it’s okay to be yourself and to feel what you feel, even if you don’ t like what you feel, and it’ s what causes it. So it’ s okay.  I don’ t... it’ s still hard, but it’ s easier . It’ s like, I don’ t know, like a lot of people... I hear from a lot of people who are Catholic and who are quite anxious about it, like what does it mean to be Catholic and  What do I believe?  What’ s right, what’ s wrong? What if I believe the wrong thing? It’ s okay to not know those answers.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So it really triggers you and pulls you back into being like a child, how it felt as a child. [0:20:58]" patient: "It’s completely... I’m right back there. And I’m just as vulnerable. And no matter how old I am it feels like I’m right back..." mental health assistant: "Yeah. So here’ s the only thing. You’ve found now in your marriage, much to your surprise, that you’ve been playing out the fantasy of, if only I do enough, if I clean enough, if I take care of everything, then somehow that would make things better? It isn’ t true, right? You end up so resentful, angry , falling out of love if you’re doing everything. It actually doesn’ t solve the problem. The fantasy isn’ t true, is not going to change your parents. It’ s not, I don’ t think, oddly  going to make you happier ." patient: "No. [0:21:56]" ', 'therapist_result': 'I don’ t think you’re any happier . So you get it clean, and then you hate them, and you’re resentful. And now your weekend was spent cleaning all weekend long instead of actually spending quality time or doing some things you might want to do yourself when you’re down there.  I actually don’ t think you feel better at the end of it all. You might in the heat of the moment feel good. Like, it feels better to get the counter clean rather than stare at those spots . But at the end of the weekend and it being now clean, and you know it’s going to go back, and you know nothing’ s changed...', 'base_result': "Okay, so you've said it feels like you're right back in that vulnerable childhood place, no matter your age.  That must be incredibly overwhelming. Can you tell me more about what that *feels* like in your body and your mind right now?  What specific sensations or thoughts are you experiencing?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'And in some ways you’ve been rehearsing that or preparing for it or preparing to recognize it in the marriage, which I think is so important. I think you’re starting to recognize this part of you that’ s so hard workers, tries too hard, is motivated by this desire, to be worth it, to be loved.  [0:23:00]'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "No. [0:21:56]" patient: "I don’ t think you’re any happier . So you get it clean, and then you hate them, and you’re resentful. And now your weekend was spent cleaning all weekend long instead of actually spending quality time or doing some things you might want to do yourself when you’re down there.  I actually don’ t think you feel better at the end of it all. You might in the heat of the moment feel good. Like, it feels better to get the counter clean rather than stare at those spots . But at the end of the weekend and it being now clean, and you know it’s going to go back, and you know nothing’ s changed..." mental health assistant: "That’ s the thing. There’ s never the belief. I know it sounds crazy . But there’ s never the belief, once it’ s cleaned up and once... or once I’ve tackled a big project, there’ s never the belief. I never think about that, that it’s going to go back the same way , that no one’ s going... I never . I can’ t tell you how many times my sister and I have both begged and pleaded with my parents, hire somebody to come in and clean the floors at... anything. [0:22:57] And of course my dad would say he wasn’ t going to pay for it, which, if my mom’ s not working or volunteering or anything under the sun, I guess I could understand that would seem silly .  But... and she’s not been able to... it’ s just... I can’ t explain it. It’ s so deeply disturbing. And it almost feels... it feels good to go home and see... not to see the disaster , but to dig into it and to take it from that and make it clean. And on some level it... parts of it feel absolutely necessary . If we’re going to actually have dinner together at... in the home, I really do need to clean the dining room floor and the dining room table and clear of f so there’ s a place to sit. That really does have to happen. And it’ s hard to stop at the basics. It’ s hard to not look around. It would be impossible. [0:23:54] My sister always tells me, just tidy up your room if stuf f has been left in it or whatever . Clean it up? And you can stay in your room. You can have a clean place to stay , and that’ s all you really need. It feels hellish to stay in there. It just...  I had a nightmare last night that the end of the weekend came, and my mom said, you haven’ t been here long enough, you haven’ t done enough. It’ s not long enough. And I’m... it’ s just... I don’ t know why . It’s..." patient: "I am something of a rational person to some extent. And I can say , I get it. Cleaning the house isn’t going to fix things. It might be important, but it’ s not going to stay that way . It’s not going to fix the... that was never the underlying problem. My sister has tried to teach me that a million times. That’ s... the fact that the house is clean is just a symptom of much bigger problems? [0:24:57] It’ s one thing to get it, and it’ s another thing to accept it. And I just can’ t." ', 'therapist_result': 'See, I think the piece, the lynch pin that’ s missing in just challenging that cognitively... because it sounds, Ramona, like you can say what the distortion is, and you can say what the challenging counter -thought would be pretty... very accurately . But there’ s some... I think what feels like it’ s missing is knowing how much you are regulating your own emotions by cleaning. It’ s funny , because it can look like behaviors 0:25:29). But I think there’ s actually a lot of feeling you’re having. And I’m also struck today by... we’ve been talking [a little bit]  about the layers of armor and how much feeling even does or does not come up here with me, where you’re, quote, allowed to and even supposed to have all your feelings, and how much your armor has protected you from being vulnerable and actually relying on another person to be accountable, to trust that they’re going to do what they say they’re going to do or not. [0:26:16] It feels... say , I can feel your armor a little thicker today? And it feels like the preparation for going home.', 'base_result': 'It sounds like you\'re experiencing a lot right now, and it\'s understandable that you\'re feeling overwhelmed.  You\'ve clearly identified that cleaning isn\'t solving the underlying issues, and that\'s a really important insight. You even said, "It\'s one thing to get it, and it\'s another thing to accept it," which shows great self-awareness.  That\'s a significant step.\n\nCan you tell me more about what those "much bigger problems" feel like to you? What are some of the emotions you\'re experiencing alongside the feeling of needing to clean?  Is there a particular emotion that feels strongest, or are there several that come and go?\n\nYou mentioned feeling a need to clean, almost a compulsion.  It seems like there’s a sense of necessity – that cleaning is somehow related to having dinner together, or having a place to be. Can you expand on that connection? What happens when you *don\'t* clean?  What are you afraid might happen if the house remains messy?\n\nFinally, you mentioned a recurring nightmare. That\'s powerful.  What is it about the nightmare that feels so distressing?  What does it tell you about what’s bothering you?  There\'s clearly a strong emotional link between the cleaning, the family dynamics, and these anxieties.  We can explore those links if you\'re comfortable.  It’s okay to take your time and share only what feels safe.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Well, I think the... there are a few things. I think that there are... there’ s something in what you’re describing which is... again, there’ s the level of what you say you believe, which is... I actually don’ t think cleaning the house... I mean, what you say, and what... there’ s always been a sort of underlying stress about the fact that it’ s not... there’ s not... that’ s not the answer , even if it does feel good in the heat of the moment. But I think there’ s something about it that you continue to do it... or almost as if you... there’ s something about it that feels necessary to you...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You know what you’re in for ." patient: "Yes." mental health assistant: "I’m not even going to... there’ s no debating that. I think it’ s probably... it sounds realistic. That’ s not an aspersion." patient: "No, it is." ', 'therapist_result': 'That’ s what you’re inching into this weekend. I don’ t think we yet have hit on the enormity of how much feeling there is for you in even just that, what going home is like for you. [0:27:02] There’ s so much feeling, that I think you thicken up. You get in that kind of lockdown  clean mode because that’ s how you keep in control of all of the feelings that you are having. Do you know what I mean? And I think until there’ s some other way that we, you and I, figure out of allowing those feelings to be more a part of you and be safe in your adult life, even when you go home, or finding some other ways to manage those feelings... defenses are good to have. We don’ t want to have no defenses. They protect us sometimes. We all need them sometimes. Even going home, everyone needs some defenses going home to their families. No matter how long you’re in this work, it triggers a lot of old stuf f for people? But there may be ways that this particular set of defenses is so compulsive that it hurts you. [0:27:58] You come home really hurt and wounded over time. It may not be. You may end this work and say , nope, whenever I go home this is kind of what I’ve got to do to take care of myself. That may permanently remain... I feel very respectful of whatever unfolds this weekend. You’re doing the best you can do with what’ s inside you. But I think just the starting point is, trying to think a little bit and let yourself feel, as this weekend unfolds, what you are feeling. And if there’ s any space to allow that to happen, to come out more... maybe you and Emma would go out to lunch or something, and get out of the house, share some time together . Even getting to the hospital might be a relief, right? Being away from your home. Cleaning your room where you sleep sounds totally reasonable. You’re allowed... you want to create a space where you can feel safe and comfortable. Maybe there’ll be little teeny places where you can say , you know what? [0:28:54] No. I’m going to let that one go. And I’m instead going to go for a walk. Or I’m going to instead go run an errand with Emma or something. Do you know what I mean?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you said what I suggested "sounds realistic," but then you added that it *is* an aspersion.  Can you tell me more about what felt like an aspersion in what I said?  What specifically made you feel that way?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'And the...  the next thing that occurred to me was... in our previous session I had a particular manner about me, particularly when we were talking about this, which is that I’m trying to be a supportive, I guess, or whatever , and not to be... whatever I mean, it’s not to be supportive, it’ s not to be... kind of a, what a bummer , I guess, or something. I can imagine that if I...  I guess it’ s possible that if I feel the bummer side of it, it could make it harder for you. I’m not... I don’ t know... If that’ s the case, I don’ t know what I can do about it, but I notice it.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yes." patient: "I’m not even going to... there’ s no debating that. I think it’ s probably... it sounds realistic. That’ s not an aspersion." mental health assistant: "No, it is." patient: "That’ s what you’re inching into this weekend. I don’ t think we yet have hit on the enormity of how much feeling there is for you in even just that, what going home is like for you. [0:27:02] There’ s so much feeling, that I think you thicken up. You get in that kind of lockdown  clean mode because that’ s how you keep in control of all of the feelings that you are having. Do you know what I mean? And I think until there’ s some other way that we, you and I, figure out of allowing those feelings to be more a part of you and be safe in your adult life, even when you go home, or finding some other ways to manage those feelings... defenses are good to have. We don’ t want to have no defenses. They protect us sometimes. We all need them sometimes. Even going home, everyone needs some defenses going home to their families. No matter how long you’re in this work, it triggers a lot of old stuf f for people? But there may be ways that this particular set of defenses is so compulsive that it hurts you. [0:27:58] You come home really hurt and wounded over time. It may not be. You may end this work and say , nope, whenever I go home this is kind of what I’ve got to do to take care of myself. That may permanently remain... I feel very respectful of whatever unfolds this weekend. You’re doing the best you can do with what’ s inside you. But I think just the starting point is, trying to think a little bit and let yourself feel, as this weekend unfolds, what you are feeling. And if there’ s any space to allow that to happen, to come out more... maybe you and Emma would go out to lunch or something, and get out of the house, share some time together . Even getting to the hospital might be a relief, right? Being away from your home. Cleaning your room where you sleep sounds totally reasonable. You’re allowed... you want to create a space where you can feel safe and comfortable. Maybe there’ll be little teeny places where you can say , you know what? [0:28:54] No. I’m going to let that one go. And I’m instead going to go for a walk. Or I’m going to instead go run an errand with Emma or something. Do you know what I mean?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Of course for you you need to get the dining room table clean if that’ s where you guys eat, and have some clean dishes and some places to cook if you’re going to be helping out with the cooking. That all seems like taking care of Ramona’ s psyche, you know what I mean, in a way that is reasonable? Maybe there’ll be places where you’ll start to notice that there’ s a little room to say , how else do I take care of me? Where are you?', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're feeling a lot right now, and you're noticing how your coping mechanisms, while helpful in some ways, might also be causing you some pain.  You’ve described a powerful connection between going home and a need for intense control, almost a “lockdown clean mode,” to manage the intensity of your emotions.  That makes a lot of sense.\n\nCan you tell me more about what those feelings are like when you go home?  What specific emotions are you trying to control?\n\nYou mentioned that these defenses, this intense cleaning, are protective.  That's a very valid point.  Everyone needs healthy coping mechanisms. But you're also recognizing that it might be becoming *too* compulsive, leading to hurt and exhaustion.  Can you expand on that?  What are some examples of how this intense cleaning impacts you after you’ve been home?\n\nYou suggested that perhaps allowing yourself to feel some of these emotions, even just a little, and finding other ways to manage them besides the cleaning, might be helpful. You’ve already suggested some alternatives, like spending time with Emma, going for walks, or running errands. What are your thoughts on exploring those possibilities?  Is there anything else you think might be helpful in creating more space for feelings and self-care?\n\nFinally, you said you're doing the best you can with what's inside you, and that's incredibly important to acknowledge.  It takes a lot of courage to reflect on your coping mechanisms and consider making changes.  What does the idea of allowing yourself to feel more, and explore alternative coping strategies, feel like for you right now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yes, I do. [0:29:57] I understand. I also understand that we’re talking about it here like it’ s this regular , casual, ordinary thing, which it is in some ways. But it’ s not like, on Monday when you get back, you’re going to go to a regular , casual, ordinary life. It is a massive, massive, massive moment, I think, for you. Like, emptying the... that clean mode is the only thing that lets you get on the airplane and go. It is an extraordinary thing. You are going to the hospital. And I don’ t mean extraordinary in a grand sense of being waaaay up here. It is, in terms of your life, an extraordinary thing. And it’ s not ordinary going home. So even when we talk like this, it’ s easy to refer to as ordinary . I don’ t want you to feel like I’m saying it’ s not a big deal, because I think it is a big deal. It’ s just it’ s so big that it’ s hard to, I think, really get your arms around it, because it’ s so overwhelming and scary . [0:31:05]'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "a witness." patient: "Yep. And..." mental health assistant: "And she didn’ t get so overwhelmed that she ." patient: "No, I mean, she...  she said... she’ s like, obviously I want to kill him. She was really... not inappropriate, but she expressed anger . And she expressed, you don’ t have to put up with this even though you are married? That is not..." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. Good. Good. You two are witnesses for each other . You have each other when you’re down there.  I’m glad you found your anxiety , Ramona. And I think that’ s even a little crack in the armor , to say this is actually what you’re feeling, terribly anxious. This is really scary , this weekend, for so many dif ferent reasons. [0:31:55] Where you are with Ivan, that’ s all up in the air and uncertain and not being spoken right now . You’re headed home into the environment of your home, per usual, and with everything that that carries all by itself. Your mom’ s going into the hospital to have sur gery, major sur gery. That’ s scary , whether you hate her or love her or whatever your feelings are about her , about the house. That’ s terrifying, she’ s your mom. So no let them be, and let them be ordinary and understandable and expectable right now , you might not have to get so compulsively , and even self-destructively , driven into the kind of clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean, clean.', 'base_result': "Okay, so your witness expressed anger and essentially validated your feelings about wanting to leave your husband, even though you're married.  That’s quite significant.  It sounds like her reaction was supportive, even if it wasn't explicitly stated as such. Can you tell me more about how that made you feel?  What was it specifically about her words or her demeanor that resonated with you?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'And she expresses, I think, the kind of emotional, more emotional, not just cognitively , but more emotional, that I am not going to put up with this, like she would if she was adult woman-to-woman? That there are consequences? I think the next part of it is going to be your willingness to have the kind of, I guess, almost... I can’ t think of the right word. But if it’ s, you know , not, like I said, the kind of thing that you might go to a friend about, that I am not willing to just sit on and hear how angry you are.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So you’re not willing ." patient: "I would be, but who’ s going to support that?" mental health assistant: "Not really ." patient: "Who’ s going to listen to that ? And how is that... how will I have room for that? I don’ t see any..." ', 'therapist_result': 'I hear you. It feels like you’re  right now . In a way it’ s very protective. I honor and respect if that feels like the way that gets you through that is most protective right now . For working over time, I don’ t know that that’ s actually true or not. But I hear that right now it feels like that’ s the only way to be. If there’ s ever a moment where it occurs to you to try something else, that’ s all. I would encourage you, if it ever crosses your mind for a fleeting second... [0:33:56]', 'base_result': "Okay, I hear your frustration.  It sounds like you're feeling really unsure about taking a step forward because you're concerned about a lack of support.  That makes perfect sense.  It can be incredibly difficult to tackle challenges when you feel alone.\n\nCan you tell me more about what kind of support you feel you need?  What would that look like for you?  And what are some specific examples of things that are making you feel like you won't have the room or time for this?  Let's explore those together.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'It seems to me that what we’re really getting at, though, as I think about it, is that... and this is something I get to do, I guess . It’s my job to do. But what we’re really getting at is, you’re not willing to try something else, even though it might be better . And this is very much what we were getting at with the exercise stuf f. I’m not saying you should. All I’m saying is...'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Not really ." patient: "Who’ s going to listen to that ? And how is that... how will I have room for that? I don’ t see any..." mental health assistant: "I hear you. It feels like you’re  right now . In a way it’ s very protective. I honor and respect if that feels like the way that gets you through that is most protective right now . For working over time, I don’ t know that that’ s actually true or not. But I hear that right now it feels like that’ s the only way to be. If there’ s ever a moment where it occurs to you to try something else, that’ s all. I would encourage you, if it ever crosses your mind for a fleeting second... [0:33:56]" patient: "But, with all due respect, what would I do ?" ', 'therapist_result': 'I’ve already told you. Things like going out to lunch with Emma. Something that gets you away instead of the cleaning, cleaning, or ganizing, cleaning, or ganizing, cleaning. Something that focuses on quality time spent or some self-care while down there that isn’ t only just about cleaning. Do you know what I mean?', 'base_result': 'Okay, I hear your question, "But with all due respect, what would I do?"  That\'s a completely understandable feeling.  It sounds like you\'re feeling overwhelmed and unsure about where to even begin exploring other options.  Can you tell me more about what\'s making you feel that way?  What comes to mind when you think about trying something different?  What are some of the obstacles you see right now to making a change?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I don’ t... . My office isn’ t the...  If you’re thinking you need to be doing something to be productive right now , it’ s not going to be, I think, most productive if you’re doing it as reactively as you are. It may feel better , if your goal is to feel better , but I don’ t think you’re going to be thinking clearer . So if it were actually to occur to you to do something, it would be the more you could relax and be yourself and kind of see what was there. But I’m not saying that you have to do it. If it feels like that’ s not Protective, that’ s fine.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I hear you. It feels like you’re  right now . In a way it’ s very protective. I honor and respect if that feels like the way that gets you through that is most protective right now . For working over time, I don’ t know that that’ s actually true or not. But I hear that right now it feels like that’ s the only way to be. If there’ s ever a moment where it occurs to you to try something else, that’ s all. I would encourage you, if it ever crosses your mind for a fleeting second... [0:33:56]" patient: "But, with all due respect, what would I do ?" mental health assistant: "I’ve already told you. Things like going out to lunch with Emma. Something that gets you away instead of the cleaning, cleaning, or ganizing, cleaning, or ganizing, cleaning. Something that focuses on quality time spent or some self-care while down there that isn’ t only just about cleaning. Do you know what I mean?" patient: "Do you think that will alleviate anxiety?" ', 'therapist_result': 'I don’ t actually think it will alleviate anxiety . I think you’ll feel your anxiety more. But it brings it more into a relationship rather than just leaving you by yourself in a cocoon of just self-sufficiency . So... it might not work. It might not even cross your mind. So you’ll let me know when you come back. Be in touch. You know I’m around if anything gets really hairy . Okay?  I’ll see you Monday .', 'base_result': '"That\'s a really insightful question.  It\'s understandable to wonder if spending time with Emma, or engaging in other self-care activities, will actually make a difference in your anxiety.  What are your thoughts and feelings about that possibility? What specifically makes you wonder if it *won\'t* help?"\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I don’ t know if it will decrease the anxiety . I don’ t know if it will increase the anxiety . [0:34:57] I’m not a clinician in that regard. What I do know is that it sounds like it’ s very protective right now and a while later down the road it can be quite destructive, so if you decide that you want to be protective, it seems like the most protective thing. It might not decrease the anxiety but as far as protecting you, it seems like that’ s the most protective thing. [0:35:56] I honestly don’ t know if it will decrease the anxiety or not. That’ s a question for your clinician.'},