{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It doesn’ t feel like you’re being chained to the couch." patient: "Yeah. But I don’ t know why . If I’ve done something wrong, if it’ s something inevitable, like a deformed ankle that I just can’ t do anything about. Or if I live dif ferently , would this happen?  I don’ t know . It’s just so frustrating to be relaxing when everyone else think they’re having a great, relaxing time, I’m suffering." mental health assistant: "Right. And you’re like, “This sucks.”" patient: "To lay there. It happens a lot. Really a lot, so . . ." ', 'therapist_result': 'What would feel better for you? I mean, like you said, you didn’ t—it—you were tired, so it wasn’ t like you wanted to go out and take a run or there was something else you were really wanting to do. But clearly , it wouldn’ t be what you were doing if you were on your own. What would you have done?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying that even when you\'re relaxing, you find yourself suffering, and it\'s happening frequently.  It sounds incredibly frustrating to be in that position, especially when you compare it to others seemingly enjoying their downtime.  Can you tell me more about what that "suffering" feels like? What specifically makes it so difficult to relax and enjoy those moments?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . I’m happy to hear that and I’m also not saying it’ s in any way a bad idea to be doing anything else. I’m just saying that as you’re calming down, which we can do right now , is there anything it makes you think about? Any context, any meaning that you start to see around that?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Mmm. Which feels less incongruent with what your body was doing, because you’re up and moving. It distracts you a little bit from –" patient: "Well, I’m sure if I laid back down in the middle of making muffins, I would’ve felt the same way . It’s just then I don’ t have to think or listen it.  Or feel it." mental health assistant: "Right. It distracts you. Being busy distracts you from the tense feelings inside." patient: "Yeah. I mean, it’ s like when I come in here and I don’ t even know , because I’ve been running around and then calmed down and realized that I was feeling that way . And it’ s horrible, so . . . I don’ t know ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. I think I look at it as somewhere in between the physical limitation of having a disability , like a foot that’ s not properly functioning, and lifestyle. You haven’ t done something wrong. I think, in some ways, your body just does operate at a higher rev than –', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that when you're busy, like making muffins, you can avoid those difficult feelings, but when you stop and relax, they hit you all at once.  It sounds incredibly overwhelming to have those feelings come crashing down like that.  Can you tell me a little more about what those feelings *are* like?  What words would you use to describe them?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'It’s hard to describe it. And in a way it’ s more important that you feel it than that you – I mean, it’ s good if you can describe it. But it’ s not – you don’ t describe it as effectively as writing about it. The more important thing is that you’re feeling it and know it as opposed to being overwhelmed by it.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Right. It distracts you. Being busy distracts you from the tense feelings inside." patient: "Yeah. I mean, it’ s like when I come in here and I don’ t even know , because I’ve been running around and then calmed down and realized that I was feeling that way . And it’ s horrible, so . . . I don’ t know ." mental health assistant: "Yeah. I think I look at it as somewhere in between the physical limitation of having a disability , like a foot that’ s not properly functioning, and lifestyle. You haven’ t done something wrong. I think, in some ways, your body just does operate at a higher rev than –" patient: "Mm-hmm." ', 'therapist_result': 'maybe somebody else. So, when you try to be still, you notice that your notice that your engine is revving pretty high and you’re feeling really anxious. I think where the dif ference is if your bones are in a certain configuration, they’re in a certain configuration.  And that’ s it. There’ s not much you’re going to do short of a cast or sur gery to change that.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying that you only realize how intensely you\'re feeling when you finally slow down and calm down.  And that feeling is…horrible.  Can you tell me more about what that "horrible" feeling is like? What makes it feel that way?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Not that you’re not responsible. But if you’re responsible, it’ s because you sort of have this sort of inner life that’ s af fect it’ s the same thing as it’ s not properly functioning, but it’ s because your brain is predisposed to be like this. And you’ve gone through the childhood and adolescent years that have made it worse. I mean, if I’m hearing it right, it seems like there’ s some thing that you need to guard against. [00:1 1:38 [end of 00:00:1 1 0]'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah. I think I look at it as somewhere in between the physical limitation of having a disability , like a foot that’ s not properly functioning, and lifestyle. You haven’ t done something wrong. I think, in some ways, your body just does operate at a higher rev than –" patient: "Mm-hmm." mental health assistant: "maybe somebody else. So, when you try to be still, you notice that your notice that your engine is revving pretty high and you’re feeling really anxious. I think where the dif ference is if your bones are in a certain configuration, they’re in a certain configuration.  And that’ s it. There’ s not much you’re going to do short of a cast or sur gery to change that." patient: "Mm-hmm." ', 'therapist_result': 'With anxiety , it’s a little bit more malleable. So, you do have some control over slowing your heart rate down. Lowering your blood pressure. Things like deep breathing and yoga and even how you’re thinking can have some impact on those things. But are you going to be the most laid-back, chill person ever through use', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'ve been nodding along to my analogy of your anxiety being like a body that runs at a higher speed than others.  That makes sense, but I want to understand more about your experience.  Can you tell me more about what it *feels* like when your "engine" is revving high?  What sensations, thoughts, or emotions accompany that feeling?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'It’ s going to be a different process. I think some of the things we work on with Jennie, who has ADHD, are going to be dif ferent if you’re going to start out of a place where you are who you are, and if you are who you are, that’ s okay .  The goals of therapy for you are going to be a little dif ferent. Instead of trying to make you not have ADHD, which you can’ t do, our goal is going to be if your engine is revving all the time, how do we help it not to? We’re going to look at that like it is a disability . It’ s just not a disability of your legs or your arms, it’ s a disability of your brain, in a way .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "maybe somebody else. So, when you try to be still, you notice that your notice that your engine is revving pretty high and you’re feeling really anxious. I think where the dif ference is if your bones are in a certain configuration, they’re in a certain configuration.  And that’ s it. There’ s not much you’re going to do short of a cast or sur gery to change that." patient: "Mm-hmm." mental health assistant: "With anxiety , it’s a little bit more malleable. So, you do have some control over slowing your heart rate down. Lowering your blood pressure. Things like deep breathing and yoga and even how you’re thinking can have some impact on those things. But are you going to be the most laid-back, chill person ever through use" patient: "No. Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'I don’ t think so.  I don’ t think you have that much control. But I do think it is somewhat malleable. And lifestyle changes help you to adapt to it. And when somebody else comes in and you have visitors and they alter your schedule or the expectation of what a day looks like changes, that’ s going to be hard for you.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying that you understand you have some control over your anxiety, but you don\'t expect to completely eliminate it or become a perfectly "laid-back" person all the time.  That sounds realistic.  Can you tell me more about what that feels like – the difference between when your anxiety feels manageable and when it feels overwhelming?  What are some situations or triggers that tend to make your anxiety worse?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I’m thinking you can still benefit, even if it doesn’ t mean you’re going to be the most chill person ever , just to be a little bit more chill person, because I think you are someone who experiences quite a bit of anxiety , and it’ s very painful. And I think that there are things that you can do to lessen that. So, I’m not going to overpromise. I’m not going to say this is going to cure your anxiety once and for all. But I think there are things that you can do to benefit.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And then she just [was done] ." patient: "How could you not be all worked-up? She was. Right. And she just went to sleep.  And that makes me feel like I have a problem.  That’ s something’ s wrong. Why can she do that and I can’ t? Especially with something that’ s really awful. She was describing these three miscarriages. 00:08:14) have a baby , and all these tests that she’ s been taking. She spent like $10,000 on all this stuf f. I mean, that would cause me major trouble.  So . . ." mental health assistant: "And then, she was able to turn it of f. Yeah." patient: "Yep." ', 'therapist_result': 'And in some ways, yes. I think it’ s clear that you do have an anxiety disorder . And so, something is wrong. It’ s not something that you’ve done wrong to respond that way . It’s not like you’re not—it’ s not that you could change something that you’re doing and fix it completely . You have room to work with it. But, yeah, I mean, your body respond to anxiety dif ferent and holds lots of it than hers or maybe somebody else’ s. And it just part of something that you have to work around.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling upset because your friend was able to seemingly "turn off" her distress after describing such a difficult experience – three miscarriages and significant financial strain – while you find yourself unable to do the same.  It sounds like you\'re experiencing a lot of emotion about this, and that\'s completely understandable.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically feels "wrong" to you? Is it the fact that she could seemingly handle the situation with such apparent ease, or is there something else contributing to your feeling that something is wrong with *you*?\n\nAnd what part of her experience – the miscarriages, the financial burden, or something else – resonates most strongly with your feeling that you\'re handling things differently?\n\nIt’s also important to remember that everyone processes emotions differently.  What might look like "turning it off" to you, might actually be a coping mechanism, even if it’s not one that’s healthy or sustainable in the long run.  It’s possible she’s suppressing her feelings rather than truly “turning them off”, and that could have consequences later.  It doesn\'t mean she\'s *better* at handling things than you, just different.  What are some ways you usually cope with difficult emotions?  Are those ways feeling effective for you right now?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yes. I guess I’m wondering if there’ s anything that is similar between those two things? Do you know what I mean? So, in some way , it feels like the way she handles those things, like shutting down and going to sleep, kind of feels like something that happens to you. I mean, these things that are really painful, like these experiences with your mother , which we know are ongoing for you, I don’ t know if it’ s a coincidence, it feels like a coincidence, but they’re ongoing for her as well, and she just shuts down and goes to sleep.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And in some ways, yes. I think it’ s clear that you do have an anxiety disorder . And so, something is wrong. It’ s not something that you’ve done wrong to respond that way . It’s not like you’re not—it’ s not that you could change something that you’re doing and fix it completely . You have room to work with it. But, yeah, I mean, your body respond to anxiety dif ferent and holds lots of it than hers or maybe somebody else’ s. And it just part of something that you have to work around." patient: "But when I work around it, do I think of it—so, it’ s something I can never think about just getting rid of." mental health assistant: "I think there’ s hope that you could have it so well-controlled that it wouldn’ t interfere." patient: "It’s always going to be managed." ', 'therapist_result': 'But it’ s always going to—but you’re not going to be able to—I don’ t think that it’ s realistic that you can for get about it and not have any awareness of the choices that you’re making, because you’re—those choices will probably have an impact. But could it be—could you have it under such good control that it doesn’ t interfere with your life? Yeah. But like with a diabetic, it doesn’ t have to get in your way , but you can’ t forget about it and eat all of your Halloween treats in one night if you’re a diabetic kid. Right?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying that even with managing your anxiety, it will always be a part of your life.  That sounds like a heavy realization. Can you tell me more about what that feeling of "always managed" feels like for you? What comes to mind when you think about that?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yes. I would never want to give somebody who has an anxiety disorder the impression that they’ll never have another anxious moment again. Or even if they’re having it well-managed, and even if you’re not having it well-managed, that they’ll never be aware of it or they’ll never struggle through it in any way . I’m sorry if I did that at some point.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But when I work around it, do I think of it—so, it’ s something I can never think about just getting rid of." patient: "I think there’ s hope that you could have it so well-controlled that it wouldn’ t interfere." mental health assistant: "It’s always going to be managed." patient: "But it’ s always going to—but you’re not going to be able to—I don’ t think that it’ s realistic that you can for get about it and not have any awareness of the choices that you’re making, because you’re—those choices will probably have an impact. But could it be—could you have it under such good control that it doesn’ t interfere with your life? Yeah. But like with a diabetic, it doesn’ t have to get in your way , but you can’ t forget about it and eat all of your Halloween treats in one night if you’re a diabetic kid. Right?" ', 'therapist_result': 'You just can’ t. That’ s going to have a consequence. But does it have to get in the way of your life and make you think that you’re doing something wrong? No. But you’re going to have to space out your Halloween treats in a little bit of a dif ferent way .  Or take more insulin if you’re going to binge on candy . So, you are going to have to keep an awareness of, yes, staying up until 2:00 a.m. for you is probably going to throw of f your sleep schedule. You might bounce back a little bit dif ferently than someone who’ s never had problems with sleep. And lying around on the couch until noon is probably going to feel dif ferent for you, maybe, than someone else.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying that complete eradication of this issue might not be realistic, but achieving a level of control where it doesn\'t significantly disrupt your life *is* a possibility?  That sounds like a really insightful comparison to managing a condition like diabetes – it requires ongoing attention and mindful choices, but it doesn\'t have to define your entire life.\n\nCan you tell me more about what "interfere with your life" means to you? What are some specific areas of your life you\'d like to see less impacted by this?  And what are some steps, even small ones, you think you could take towards achieving that better control?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Okay , that makes sense. But I think you—there are times when you express a lot of pessimism about it, and I think it can be easy to exaggerate that a little bit. But I don’ t think realistically you’re saying that you don’ t think that there’ s a chance that it can be better .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Right. It doesn’ t seem to make sense." patient: "Right. Which also makes me think about why would my body want to do these things to me when it’ s not helping anyone. It’ s not making me healthier . It’s making me unhealthy .  Which, then, makes me feel like I have a disease." mental health assistant: "Mmm. Well, I think your body does it with more intention." patient: "Sure. Right." ', 'therapist_result': 'Right?  I mean, there is intentionality in it, the thought process makes sense. But it doesn’ t realize. I mean, what your body is doing, except it’ s not in the right scenario. So, I mean, that heart- racing feeling makes a lot of sense. There is no threat that your body is responding to. And it’ s when you’re anxious. It’ s like your body is responding as the way it would as if there were some sort of threat.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling like your body is working against you, making you unhealthy instead of supporting your health.  And that makes you feel like you have a disease.  That sounds incredibly frustrating and upsetting. Can you tell me more about what specifically your body is doing that feels so detrimental?  And what makes it feel like a disease to you?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Not that it’ s conscious. I mean, it’ s not like you sit down and say, “I’m going to make my heart race and I’m going to have trouble breathing and I’m going to feel anxious,” although I guess some people can do that. I don’ t think that’ s what you’re talking about. But I think your body does it because it’ s trying to keep you safe and alive, and the way it does that is sometimes, in this case, a little bit, I think, like overprotective. It’ s a little bit like the parent who smothers their kid and won’ t let their kid climb trees because they want them to be safe. It’ s that kind of feeling of, like, protection that can also inhibit.  So if you feel anxious or stressed or frustrated, it’ s because of something. It’ s a response to something.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Mmm. Well, I think your body does it with more intention." patient: "Sure. Right." mental health assistant: "Right?  I mean, there is intentionality in it, the thought process makes sense. But it doesn’ t realize. I mean, what your body is doing, except it’ s not in the right scenario. So, I mean, that heart- racing feeling makes a lot of sense. There is no threat that your body is responding to. And it’ s when you’re anxious. It’ s like your body is responding as the way it would as if there were some sort of threat." patient: "Right." ', 'therapist_result': 'But, in the same way , just like an autoimmune disease. Right? Your body’ s responding in the way that there’ s some sort of bacteria or something that it’ s gearing up to fight. But there’ s no virus. There are no bacteria. It’ s not fighting anything except itself. But it’ s normal, typical responses, just at the wrong time.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you've acknowledged that your body's reacting as if there's a threat, even when there isn't one.  That's a really important insight.  Can you tell me more about what that feels like in your body?  Where do you notice it most strongly?  Is it just the heart racing, or are there other physical sensations involved?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . Another thing that comes to mind. The kind of response that you had, a little bit, just a few minutes ago and earlier , where you start saying, “Well, this is my fault.” Or, “This is because I do something wrong or I do something wrong with myself.” It almost sounds like there is a way that you want to kind of, not get out of a little bit, but a little bit get out of the responsibility for what is going on. And I don’ t mean that in a big way . What I mean is that, “I felt anxiety. I made some phone calls when I wasn’ t supposed to.” And you say , “I know , but I feel guilty for it.” And it’ s like, you feel guilty for it because you feel anxious, which is understandably so. But then in a way , you’re a little bit like, “I don’ t want to be the one who is feeling that. So I’m going to make it about me in a different way . If I’m doing something wrong or I’m not doing something right. Then it’ s not like you’re the one who is just having a feeling.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Right?  I mean, there is intentionality in it, the thought process makes sense. But it doesn’ t realize. I mean, what your body is doing, except it’ s not in the right scenario. So, I mean, that heart- racing feeling makes a lot of sense. There is no threat that your body is responding to. And it’ s when you’re anxious. It’ s like your body is responding as the way it would as if there were some sort of threat." patient: "Right." mental health assistant: "But, in the same way , just like an autoimmune disease. Right? Your body’ s responding in the way that there’ s some sort of bacteria or something that it’ s gearing up to fight. But there’ s no virus. There are no bacteria. It’ s not fighting anything except itself. But it’ s normal, typical responses, just at the wrong time." patient: "I always think of the fight-or -flight thing that was something that’ s quick. Because I could feel like that for days. I mean, why doesn’ t it go away?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Right. And it still is that fight-or -flight thing. It’ s just that it’ s doing that in a prolonged way . And that’ s part of why—and that’ s why we say , okay , this is crossing the line from a normal anxiety response to calling it an anxiety disorder , because it’s continuing to prepare as if there’ s some sort of ongoing threat. And there isn’ t one. And there maybe never was even one. Sometimes, it’ s set. You’re anxious about something that makes sense to be anxious about. But then, that kind of time goes away and the response doesn’ t. And so, you’re left feeling anxious about something that you could’ve been done with days ago. Or you’re responding to nothing at all. You don’ t even know why you’re feeling anxious, but your body is going through those motions. And then, the exhaustion makes sense, because it’ s the coming-down ef fect. But you’re having it in such an intense way that it feels like exhaustion rather than just coming down from that peak of anxiety . When your body shoots out all that cortisol and adrenaline and all of that that it uses when it gets revved up –', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying that the "fight-or-flight" response, which we usually think of as something quick and immediate, is lasting for days in your case. That sounds incredibly frustrating and exhausting.  Can you tell me more about what that feels like for you over those days?  What are some of the specific things you experience, besides the heart racing?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Well, one reason is because it’s not quick . The whole idea of fight-or -flight is that it’ s an emergency response. So it’ s supposed to be something that happens when you need to act quickly and then you move on. So it’ s not something that you linger in.  But, I mean, your anxiety , I think, is often felt lingering. And I think, part of why it’ s like that is that I think it’ s a repeated exposure. I mean, I think part of the reason why it’ s repeated is because it happens one time and you’re left feeling vulnerable or ashamed, in some way . And then, when it happens again you’re more likely to then feel that way again, because the first time was so upsetting. And then there is more anxiety , I think. And then the more anxiety there is, the more likely there is to be a bodily response that then further worsens the anxiety . It’ s kind of this cycle that can happen. So, I mean, it’ s not something that happens fast, but the more often it happens, the longer-lasting the effects can be.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Sure. Right.  I mean, I was really bad at it because sitting and knitting is –" patient: "still. It was still too still." mental health assistant: "Well, but maybe at that point, it would’ve been something good to do. I for got about my Silly Putty , which I do have. I should’ve gotten my Silly Putty and . . ." patient: "Yeah. Just having that. Allowing you to be restless in a little bit of a way ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Having something to play with with your hands. All of the things I suggested are all about a way to have something to do but still allows, for the most part, your body to be still. To me, it seems like that plays with the compromise of you clearly have this nervous ener gy going on, so, I feel like we need to be—to honor that. That’ s there. We can’ t fight it. But if the main goal is to be—feel like—emotionally feel like you’re fitting in with everybody else and physically actually giving your body , your gross motor , you’re giving it a rest. Right? The big stuf f. And you’d still be able to release some of the fidgety ener gy in smaller ways. By playing with Silly Putty , playing with a bouncy ball, or doing a crossword or Sudoku or . . .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that even though knitting was meant to be a calming activity, the stillness of it was actually too much for you?  It felt…constraining?  Can you tell me more about what that felt like? What specifically made the stillness feel so overwhelming?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Because that’s really where you are, right? You’re in a lot of ways just supremely restless and haven’t been able to kind of . . . I mean, I think what’s been so upsetting about a lot of the reality that you’ve been dealing with, with your family , your mom, all of that, is that it’s tied to a lot of restlessness and uncertainty , and a kind of confusion and not knowing what to do about it, and kind of feeling like you’re waiting to know . And maybe that was some of what you were waiting for today , and maybe that was a bad idea. I don’t know . But maybe some of the things you did sort of like, in some way , or you were thinking you might do, would have helped a little bit with that.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Hmm." patient: "Because I was trying to close my eyes. And telling me how I was obviously asleep or something. I blew up at him. I was like, “I was dying. You don’ t even know .” Oh, because I had asked him if— because I thought maybe watching a movie would be—I don’ t know . It seemed like something 00:24:33) up. I don’ t know . So, I had suggested that. And we all sat on the couch  hanging out.  And he was like, “That’ s a terrible idea. That’ s so isolating. We’re not talking to each other ,” or something. I don’ t know . It also led to a bit of my frustration. “What’ s wrong with me?”" mental health assistant: "Mmm. That doesn’ t seem so crazy . People go to movies together .  Or rent movies together ." patient: "yeah, I don’ t know . I mean, I definitely didn’ t get a lot of my own space this weekend. It was really about him and his friends. Making sure he was alive. Finding about their terrible troubles, so, it was really trying not to be a needy , crazy person." ', 'therapist_result': 'Mmm. But of course, you do have needs. And that doesn’ t make you crazy . And even though it’ s really nice to have friends come, it also is a disruption. And you do lose your space and your privacy and control of your schedule. That’ s hard, especially when even a normal—in a normal week, you’re feeling very squeezed by other people’ s needs. And you don’ t have a ton of control over your schedule or your space.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you felt unheard and dismissed when you suggested watching a movie, and then you felt even more frustrated because it escalated into a larger conflict.  You mention feeling like you didn\'t get your own space this weekend, and that the focus was heavily on him and his friends\' issues.  Can you tell me more about what it felt like to be in that situation? What specifically made you feel like a "needy, crazy person"?  What were you hoping to get from suggesting the movie, and how did his response make you feel?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'There’ s probably a lot more to it than this. But I notice, as I think about the weekend. There’ s a—it’ s not a perfect analogy . But it does seem like there was a little bit of a—maybe a similar sort of dynamic.  About, he gets to be in the driver ’s seat, and you’re a little bit in the passenger ’s seat. And it’ s not really about what you want at the moment. You’re worried about him. But you’re also worried , I think, just from what I know , a little bit about just what does this say about me? If I actually wanted to watch a movie myself. Would he be okay with that? Or is it going to be read as something neurotic or something?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Well, I’m so glad." patient: "Which I don’ t know why it surprised—it surprised me ." mental health assistant: "Yeah. So, he can imagine a time when he’ll feel less scared and less tied to this hospital, these doctors. So, then, you’re free to imagine that time, too." patient: "Well, and right now , he’s dreaming about can we ever move back to Washington to be near his friends. I don’ t think any doctors are worth him moving back to Washington.  Which I would do. It’d be great. That’ s where most jobs are in what I do anyway . If they’re an FDA, so it was just a—yeah. Nice to dream to a" ', 'therapist_result': 'Yea. I think it’ s important. Dreaming and planning for your future is part of living. And it is hard when those dreams—when you get some news and those dreams are crushed for a little bit. So, figuring out the balance of tempering it with reality . But you don’ t always know what reality is. So, you can’ t stop yourself from thinking ahead and wondering just because there might—you don’ t know exactly how long you’re going to be on the list. The reality is it could be tomorrow or it could be a year from now .  I mean, you just don’ t know .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that your partner is dreaming of moving back to Washington to be near his friends, and you feel the same way. You think that being near his support network is more important than staying near certain doctors.  You also mentioned that it would be beneficial for your career to be in Washington, as that's where most jobs in your field are located.  It sounds like this dream of moving back holds a lot of hope and possibility for both of you.\n\nCan you tell me more about what makes Washington so appealing, beyond just being near friends and having more job opportunities?  What aspects of living there would make you feel happier and more at ease?\n\nAnd, it’s understandable that you’d feel surprised by this hope.  It sounds like there might be a lot of underlying anxiety about the present situation.  Can you tell me a little more about what’s making this a difficult time for you both? What are some of your concerns about leaving or staying?\n\nIt’s perfectly valid to feel this way – hope amidst difficulty is a very human experience. Let's explore these feelings together. What comes to mind when you think about the potential challenges of moving back to Washington, and what supports do you think you might have to overcome them?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah. But so there is that element of you feeling in exile, too, to me, in what you’re describing that there’ s an alienness of being here and a bit of a feeling of estrangement and exile.  And I think that’ s because it’ s very different from what is home-bound and family-bound back in the Northwest .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yea. I think it’ s important. Dreaming and planning for your future is part of living. And it is hard when those dreams—when you get some news and those dreams are crushed for a little bit. So, figuring out the balance of tempering it with reality . But you don’ t always know what reality is. So, you can’ t stop yourself from thinking ahead and wondering just because there might—you don’ t know exactly how long you’re going to be on the list. The reality is it could be tomorrow or it could be a year from now .  I mean, you just don’ t know ." patient: "Yep. And I’ve been also dreaming about things like someday  require no planning. If there’ s any planning, like for the wedding, attached to the dreaming, it becomes a big problem." mental health assistant: "Mmm. That’ s when it gets trickier ." patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. So, being able to think the someday . And you can think about someday—you can think about your wedding. Maybe it doesn’ t make sense to put down deposits on things right now . But that doesn’ t mean you can’ t think about what you’d like and what it will feel like. Who you’ll want there. I think those things can be fantasized about.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that the planning aspect attached to your dreams, particularly dreams like getting married, is what makes them feel problematic.  Can you tell me more about that? What specifically makes the planning part so difficult right now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'So, this is all new . It’s never happened before to you. It’s a lot to take in. This is real. You’re waiting to see if you can get back on the list. And in the meantime you’re in limbo. You’re not in school yet. You’re not writing to people in the program. You’re just kind of waiting. That is limbo. That is part of your reality . And it’ s scary , and it’ s not fun, and it’ s confusing. And you’ve got to figure out what’ s next. But that part about your future, I think you have to sort of stay in touch with that and what it is and how it’ s going to look.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Well, if it was constant, you’d habituate to it over time." patient: "I hope so. When we first moved to our apartment, it’ s on a pretty busy street. And I was having so much trouble sleeping, trying to fall asleep, that if an ambulance went by—and we live kind of near the hospital, in fact.  Or close enough that there’ s ambulances that come by  that it would cause me to freak out. But now that doesn’ t bother me as much anymore. But I also have a fan going  to black out white noise. But that is not the same as a vibrating, beeping  pump." mental health assistant: "Mmm. Pump right in bed with you." patient: "Yeah. I don’ t know ." ', 'therapist_result': 'But part of what helps you to block things out is hearing them all of the time. Feeling them all of the time. So, one night in, one night out. A couple nights in, a couple nights away is—you lose the habituation. Right? Because it goes away . And you’re like, “Ah, back to normal.”', 'base_result': '"Yeah, I don\'t know," is a powerful statement – it shows you\'re acknowledging the complexity of the situation.  It sounds like you\'ve made progress with the street noise, which is great. Can you tell me more about what it\'s like having the pump in bed with you? What are the specific things that are making it difficult?  Is it the sound, the vibrations, the feeling of it being there, or something else entirely?  There\'s no right or wrong answer, I just want to understand your experience better.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'It’s difficult to say , it’s impossible to say really , how it would play out. You have said it’ s very painful, and I know that that’ s true. And I imagine that if that’ s the case, it could be very difficult. On the other hand, you are somebody who is very courageous and resilient. I mean, it’ s hard to overstate how courageous I think you are and how resilient you are. And you are somebody who is committed to your goal, as far as I can tell very much committed to your goal, and committed to the treatment, very much committed to the treatment. So I really don’ t know how that would play out.  I’m sorry , I really don’ t. I imagine it could be very difficult; I also imagine it could be a piece of cake.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Mmm. Pump right in bed with you." patient: "Yeah. I don’ t know ." mental health assistant: "But part of what helps you to block things out is hearing them all of the time. Feeling them all of the time. So, one night in, one night out. A couple nights in, a couple nights away is—you lose the habituation. Right? Because it goes away . And you’re like, “Ah, back to normal.”" patient: "I know ." ', 'therapist_result': 'So, I mean, if you want to learn to—if you want it to be something that you don’ t pay attention to, then it has to be there all of the time. The same way that you don’ t pay attention to—you don’ t get distracted by the sound of your heart beating.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you said, "I know,"  which tells me you understand the logic of what I was saying about breaking the cycle of constantly feeling overwhelmed.  But knowing something and feeling it are different.  So, tell me more about what\'s happening *right now*.  What are you feeling in this moment?  What thoughts are going through your mind?  Don\'t worry about making it perfect, just let\'s explore what\'s going on inside.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Maybe there’ s—I don’ t know if there’ s a physiological effect too. I mean, is it possible it gives you a chance to sort of reset your system? A little bit like if someone has insomnia and they are sleep deprived, and they are used to falling asleep on the couch, sometimes if you don’ t fall asleep on the couch at night, if you get in the bed at night and a couple hours later you fall asleep, the brain goes, “Oh! This is what it’ s supposed to be doing.” And then you can start to sleep there. That maybe it gives you a little reset. I don’ t know .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah. That sounds like too much pressure." patient: "It would feel like pressure. Yeah. That means he’ s in the room. He’ s making a lot of noise. He did tell me he got up in the middle of one of the nights and I definitely did not wake up." mental health assistant: "Mmm. Good for you." patient: "But I was probably in the middle of an Ambien—I don’ t know how it works, but I know there are two . . ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah.  If you were in a really deep sleep. Well, we’ll see how tonight goes. Use all your supports. Use your fan. Use your drugs. Use your mask, your earplugs. And see if you can have some success. If you can, then, he’ll feel a little bit more relaxed, which might make you feel a little bit less pressure to have it work.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying you're experiencing a lot of noise from him, and you're concerned because he mentioned getting up in the middle of the night, even though you didn't wake up.  That sounds unsettling.  Can you tell me more about what kind of noise he's making? And what specifically makes you feel uneasy about him getting up at night?  It sounds like you're also feeling a bit uncertain about the effects of the Ambien – can you tell me more about what worries you about that?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'One of the things you’re so good at is that, as you call it, making the noise. It’ s called affect. It’s what you feel and how you can call attention to the things that are pressing in your life and your mind. I think you’re really good at that for yourself, once you get ahold of them. I think it takes a little while to get ahold of them but I think you’re really good at making the noise once you do.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah. Did we not schedule beyond that—next Wednesday?" patient: "I don’ t know ." mental health assistant: "I don’ t think we did. So, the Monday , the 31st, is open at 12:30." patient: "Okay . Good." ', 'therapist_result': 'And then, the next week, it would be on the 9th, which is the Wednesday . Yeah. So, we can do the 26th, and then the 31st, you can have the—a 12:30 on the 31st.  And then, it would have to be Wednesday , the 9th. What is that, 3:30 that you do on Wednesday?', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like we've sorted out the scheduling issue for next week.  That's good progress.  Now, is there anything else you'd like to talk about today?  Perhaps something that's been on your mind, or something related to why you felt you needed to reschedule in the first place?  There's no pressure, of course, but I'm here to listen.  It's okay to feel however you feel about this –  frustrated, relieved, confused – whatever it is, it's valid.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'And, it looks like I have a cancellation tomorrow —your time—at 12:30. Would you like it? If it doesn’ t work, that’ s totally fine, but it’ s available. So, it would be tomorrow , Thursday , at 12:30.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But it feels like anxiety , rather than –" patient: "Well, no. It’ s not always. And then, there’ s generally a week or two in the middle where things are pretty good. I don’ t know .  Makes it feel even harder to manage, I guess." mental health assistant: "Mmm, yeah. Like you said, it’ s that not—it’ s not really in your control." patient: "And a lot of the times, I feel like I just work—I work better if I think less about how I’m feeling. Just do things that I know are good for me. And I think I’ve said this before, but lately , I’ve been just been thinking too much." ', 'therapist_result': 'Well, so, I think one of the things you said just before that was, “Am I just paying too much attention?”  And I think there is—right, what details make sense to pay attention to and what details aren’ t useful to pay attention to? It’ s an important skill of filtering out—right? Because we don’ t want to pay attention to the static.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying that the difficulty isn\'t just the bad periods, but also the inconsistency of it all.  There are these good weeks interspersed, which makes it feel even more unpredictable and harder to cope with.  That makes perfect sense. It’s frustrating when you can’t rely on a consistent pattern, even if the pattern is a difficult one.  Can you tell me more about what those "good weeks" are like? What shifts in your experience make them feel better than the others?\n\n\nAnd you mentioned that you find you function better when you focus less on your feelings and more on doing things you know are good for you. That\'s a really insightful observation.  It sounds like you\'ve developed a coping strategy, even if it’s not always sustainable.  What are some of those things you do that are good for you? And when you say you\'ve been thinking *too* much lately, what kinds of thoughts are those?  Can you describe the difference between the thinking you do during those good weeks versus the thinking that feels overwhelming?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I guess what I’m wondering is, like, my guess is that you would prefer to be the person who—you wouldn’ t prefer , but you’d like to be the person who can feel a little anxious or have a little more who—you know? You’d probably prefer to be that person, right? So, I guess one thing I’m wondering is, why does the anxiety feel so shameful or so bad? I guess, to me, if that happened a little more often, you would probably deal with it. It’ s just that it feels so bad. I wonder why that is?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Mmm, yeah. Like you said, it’ s that not—it’ s not really in your control." patient: "And a lot of the times, I feel like I just work—I work better if I think less about how I’m feeling. Just do things that I know are good for me. And I think I’ve said this before, but lately , I’ve been just been thinking too much." mental health assistant: "Well, so, I think one of the things you said just before that was, “Am I just paying too much attention?”  And I think there is—right, what details make sense to pay attention to and what details aren’ t useful to pay attention to? It’ s an important skill of filtering out—right? Because we don’ t want to pay attention to the static." patient: "[Yes. Right] ." ', 'therapist_result': 'So, while paying attention to your mood and noticing what your anxiety is or noticing what you’re feeling is useful, there is a degree at which it becomes redundant. You already know there’ s a pattern here. And if it’s not a symptom that you can necessarily do something about and it’ s not dangerous to you, maybe we shouldn’ t notice it.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you've recognized that focusing on your feelings isn't always helpful, and sometimes it's better to just focus on doing things that are good for you.  That makes a lot of sense.  It sounds like you’ve developed a strategy to cope, even if it’s not always ideal.  Can you tell me more about what kinds of things you do that are good for you?  And when you say you've been thinking too much lately, what specifically has been on your mind?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Another thing that I think you just said that seems important was that you were saying, “I don’ t really need to know more about myself.”  And I was thinking, I think it sounds like you—you were saying in some way that it sounds like a kind of protection for you to say that, to not—not to know that you’re not—you don’ t have to fully know what it is or how it works. Because I think I understand what you’re saying. It seems like if you know , that somehow it’ s a lot more painful, you’ll get hurt more if you know more.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah. I mean, yesterday I decided to work from because no one was there to hang out with Josh. And he’s continuing to have a hard time. And it’ s just not helpful.  And that was like four days I spent with him, basically . Just us." patient: "Well, we did go out. We went out to the mall, which was huge. On Saturday . But it was pretty exhausting. And we went so that I could buy really expensive noise-canceling  so that we could sleep next to each other . Which sort of worked. I mean, it’ s kind of elaborate. The noise-canceling headphones plus a fan app plus a fan and I [could sleep] .  Probably plus an Ativan, depending on if I’m really worried . So, we left the house. But it was pretty stressful.  And it was still just the two of us.  I don’ t know . And I guess I’ve been thinking too much about why I’m feeling this way and trying to 00:06:22)." mental health assistant: "Uh huh. So that’ s the other piece, right? So, if you’re noticing that you’re feeling something, it’ s like—if sometimes is a really good indicator that you should pay attention to fix something?" patient: "Mm-hmm." ', 'therapist_result': 'If there’ s a cut, you want to know so that you can fix it. But if it’ s chronic pain and there isn’ t necessarily anything to do. Old injury . Nothing to treat. Then, it doesn’ t make any sense to pay attention to that pain signal. And I think for you, sometimes tiredness, sometimes anxiety falls into that chronic pain category , where –', 'base_result': "Okay, so you went to the mall on Saturday, which sounds like a big undertaking, especially given the reason – to get noise-canceling headphones to help you both sleep better.  That's a pretty significant effort to try and improve your situation, and it highlights how important this is to you.  Can you tell me more about what made the mall trip exhausting?  What specifically felt stressful about it?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Because I think it’ s become pretty clear that you’ve had a really hard time with this sort of emotional intensity . And a lot of this seems to be about your dad. I mean, a lot of your responses are about your dad and what he might be feeling. A lot of what you’re worried about is if you’re really worried about your dad being upset about your brother . So, I would think that in some way that’ s also related to how you’re feeling. So, if you’re not that way usually , it means something. It’ s something that’ s going on. And I think it’ s something related to your dad. And I think that that may be why you’ve sort of had a hard time sort of knowing what to do with this or how to communicate or how to deal with how you’re feeling. I think it’ s also like that with Josh. You’re not always exhausted. I mean, I think the exhaustion is also about something that’ s really stressful. And the stress is about how he’ s feeling or what he’ s going through. How he’ s having a harder time. So, I think it’ s something that’ s really going on. And maybe that’ s what’ s new . And maybe that’ s why you’ve had a harder time sort of—I mean, certainly you’re tired. But I think it’ s also a little bit like what do I do with this? How do I—your primary thought is I should be there for Josh. I should be there for my dad. But I think when you’re really feeling it, I’m not sure you know what to do with it.  Or maybe you don’ t feel like it’ s okay for you to feel this way .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "there isn’ t necessarily new information here or something specific you can do to alleviate it. So, you want to ignore it. Not reinforce it." patient: "Yeah. I was just being really hurt by having Josh be the way he is right now ." mental health assistant: "Mm-hmm, right. Because he’ s paying attention to all ." patient: "It’s really hard to ignore. Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. He’ s hard to ignore, but you are, too. Right? So, when your signals are going of f, when you feel anxious or when you feel tired, it’ s hard to ignore, as well. My sense would be that there’ s this culture in your house right now of paying attention to symptoms.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're finding it really hard to ignore how Josh is acting right now, and it's causing you a lot of hurt.  That makes perfect sense.  It's understandable to feel hurt when someone important to you is behaving in a way that impacts you negatively.\n\nCan you tell me a little more about what specifically is hurting you about Josh's behavior? What aspects of his actions are causing you the most distress?  And what are you feeling besides hurt?  Are there other emotions involved?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'That sounds like an observation. I’m not quite sure if it’ s an observation or a question? I guess it’ s more an observation that this is something that’ s fairly new with Josh and something you didn’ t have to deal with for a long time. [00:01:44] So, for a while it was pretty low-demand.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s a lot of work, too. To take him out." patient: "Yeah.  It’ s a lot of work.  But I don’ t know . So, I come here to talk about how I’m feeling. But I also shouldn’ t think too much about it, which I’m having trouble reconciling." mental health assistant: "You come here to discern which feelings we pay attention to." patient: "Okay ." ', 'therapist_result': 'And which feelings it’ s safe to ignore. Or not say ignore them, but move on with them. Right? Like that tiredness. If running is feeling like—you’re so tired and running is feeling like way more work than it is good? I think that’ s important to pay attention to. And that doesn’ t mean you don’ t exercise, but it does mean you don’ t go and push yourself on an incredible run. Maybe you do let your—cut your pace back so that you’re running at a more relaxed pace.  Or run for less time than you normally would. So that you still get the benefit of feeling like you did something that was good for you, but you’re honoring what your body is saying', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling conflicted.  On one hand, you\'re putting in a lot of effort ("It\'s a lot of work"), and on the other, you\'re questioning whether you should even be thinking about these feelings so much.  Can you tell me a bit more about what that "a lot of work" entails?  What specifically is making it feel so demanding?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . I mean, I think it’s hard for me to give you some sort of formula for how to go about it. Because, I think for you, it’s the continual wrestling with it. And I think this is where the therapy comes in. And I’m not going to be able to sort of neatly tell you the formula. And it’ s not because I don’ t want to. It’ s just that it’ s a process.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So, how’d you get from one place—from such two dif ferent places?" patient: "I have no idea. Hormones?" mental health assistant: "Mmm. It could be." patient: "I mean, I’ve always wanted to crash, like when I stay up and don’ t sleep for a like a week at a time. get really upset sometimes, reading romance novels or whatever I like to read, where something crazy happens and then they just crash. I’ve never been able to just do that. I’m wondering if I should be happy that I’m feeling this way , because maybe this is my body deciding it does need to rest, instead of just continuing to be . . ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. Well, I think it is, probably , your body’ s decision, telling you that you need to rest. Either from coming of f of that week where you really felt really restless and keyed-up or maybe it is because of where you are in your cycle. And it’ s a natural time for your body to crash. But I think the goal is so that you don’ t have to have a week of feeling frenzied and restless and keyed-up and so anxious that you think you’re crazy . And then, have the crash as relaxation, because I don’ t think—crashing is not really relaxing.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying you\'ve experienced these intense emotional swings, moving between very different emotional states, and you\'re unsure how to understand or even feel about them.  You mentioned hormones as a possibility, and that\'s a valid consideration.  But you also talked about a longing to just "crash" – to allow yourself to completely rest and give in to exhaustion, something you’ve fantasized about but never actually done.  \n\nCan you tell me more about what "crashing" means to you? What would that look like, feel like?  And what feelings are you associating with this desire to crash? Is it relief?  Exhaustion?  A sense of giving up?  \n\nYou mentioned reading about characters "crashing" in your novels.  How do those fictional crashes compare to what you feel you need or want? What aspects resonate with you?  \n\nFinally, you\'re questioning whether you should be *happy* about feeling this way, because it might be your body\'s way of signaling a need for rest.  That\'s a really insightful observation. What are your thoughts and feelings around that possibility?  What makes you question whether you *should* feel happy about it? What are some of the conflicting emotions you’re experiencing around this?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I’m wondering what if it’s a little more complicated than either , you know , either it’s good that you’re crashing because it’s a healthy process and you’re a teenager and it’s healthy and normal to have it, or it’s bad because it’s a unhealthy process. What if it’s a little more complicated than that?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Mmm. How were  you with it?" patient: "A little embarrassed.  I mean, he seemed—yeah, he seemed fine. I mean, maybe he was—he left, and he was like, “Whoa.” Definitely felt a little inappropriate. It was really nice, though." mental health assistant: "Mmm. Ah. So, it felt nice to be able to be really honest and be open and not hold back." patient: "Yeah,  my brother—well, my brother finally , I don’ t feel bad about just spilling out my guts to him. But his poor friend. I mean—I don’ t know ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Well, I think it speaks to how overwhelmed you feel. And the needs you have that aren’ t being met. Right? Because when there was an opportunity to connect with someone and to unburden yourself a bit, it came really easily to do that. And there’ s nothing wrong with that. But I do think that it’ s telling that you did it with someone that you wouldn’ t have chosen for it to be your brother ’s roommate, who you don’ t know really well. So, that’ s a sign to pay attention to, right? That when you had an opportunity to relieve yourself in that way , you took it. And it’ s because there’ s not enough opportunity to do it in a place that you would feel even safer .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you shared some very personal things with your brother and his friend.  You're feeling a little embarrassed, and you're unsure about how his friend felt.  Can you tell me more about what made you feel embarrassed? What specifically happened that made you think it might have been inappropriate?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'That’s what I’m wondering. Do you think your brother’ s friend was fine, or were you more focused on how you felt? I mean, I wonder which one was more the priority to you, your honesty with your brother or kind of what your friend thought?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s stuf f you’re hanging onto that doesn’ t  to go." patient: "Mm-hmm." mental health assistant: "And I think because you don’ t feel like Josh can help you with a lot of the stuf f that you normally talk to him about, there’ s more stuf f built up that you’re hanging onto that doesn’ t really have a place to go." patient: "Right. And right now , it’s making very tired, as opposed to anxious. And I don’ t know why that happens. But –" ', 'therapist_result': 'I wonder if it’ s just where the limit is. Right? Over a certain amount, it feels overwhelming and draining. And maybe before you hit that limit, it feels anxiety-producing in a more ener gizing way .  It could be about how much stuf f, how long you’ve held onto it. Or it could be about—in a certain part of your cycle. The overwhelming feels ener gizing. And in another part of your cycle, it hits you dif ferently . I don’ t know which side it comes from.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling very tired right now, rather than anxious, even though you have a lot built up that you haven\'t been able to process.  That\'s interesting. Can you tell me more about what that tiredness feels like?  Is it a physical tiredness, a mental exhaustion, or something else entirely?  And when you say "built up," what kinds of things are you referring to?  It\'s understandable to feel this way when you\'re carrying things you haven\'t been able to share or work through.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I mean, it could be that some of the fear and worry that you normally feel is actually more of a stress in a way that’ s exhausting you, instead of just what I think you mean is a little more distressing in a way that can be galvanizing. Like, it doesn’ t sound like you’re worried at all, but I think if you felt like you could trust Josh, it would be quite a bit more distressing, and that’ s sort of fed into a kind of exhaustion you’re feeling instead.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah. But, in a way , there are some good things about that. Too many little things are—what am I trying to say? I feel like I’ve said this before, but in a more positive way . It’s like having a problem that’ s so big, you have to completely change everything. It can be  better than having little problems that just cause some anxiety that’ s not helping." patient: "Mm-hmm.  spin your wheels." mental health assistant: "Yeah." patient: "In an anxious way ." ', 'therapist_result': 'But when you move into crisis mode, it’ s like you mobilize to cope with the crisis.  But when the crisis isn’ t so overwhelming that you’re just in the moment, dealing with it, you get in your head. Which feels really uncomfortable for you, right?  in your head, worried about stuf f feels worse for you than mobilized to deal in the moment.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying that feeling overwhelmed by a large problem, even though it\'s incredibly difficult, feels different than the constant, low-level anxiety of many smaller problems?  Can you tell me more about that difference? What specifically feels different about the "spinning your wheels" anxiety compared to the feeling of facing a massive problem that requires a complete change?  What makes one feel more or less manageable than the other?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah.  That’ s maybe a way in which that’ s easier than, say , the job-search anxiety . The job-search anxiety , in a way , is a harder problem because you have more, maybe more, I don’t know . More space to think about it, more places to think about it, more potential to think about it and kind of just spin your wheels. Whereas this problem is so big, it’ s just harder to think about it. You’re just kind of stuck in it.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah. So, we need to not say that." patient: "Right. But I don’ t know what else to do.  going to go to school 9:00 every day . But inevitably , it just doesn’ t –" mental health assistant: "Yeah, that’ s a little bit too –" patient: "work out." ', 'therapist_result': 'So, I think something like that, the schedules that you’ve attempted to set up in the past are too once, and now your schedule has failed. So, what if we set something that was more doable? Like I’m going to get out of the house five times this week? Give yourself some structure, but a more flexible structure.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that going to school at 9:00 every day isn't working out for you.  Can you tell me more about what isn't working? What specifically is making it difficult?  Is it the time, the classes, something else entirely, or a combination of things?  It sounds really frustrating to put in the effort and not see the results you'd hoped for.  It's completely understandable to feel that way.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Or we could say , okay , let’ s figure out how it’ s not going to work out. Like, let’ s try to think – I mean, the intensity of the way you’re responding right now – I think you’ve opened up a door to saying, okay , what if – what’ s something a little bit less radical than saying, or I could just quit? What if we say, okay , well, then let’ s see if we can figure out what’ s going to be inevitable. Because right now , you’re so – it’ s very reactive.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So, I think something like that, the schedules that you’ve attempted to set up in the past are too once, and now your schedule has failed. So, what if we set something that was more doable? Like I’m going to get out of the house five times this week? Give yourself some structure, but a more flexible structure." patient: "Yeah. And it makes me feel so bad about myself that I want someone to make me do things. It feels really sad." mental health assistant: "You want to be internally motivated." patient: "Right." ', 'therapist_result': 'If it works, it might get there. This might be a step toward that. My hope would be that if you can have someone to be accountable to and you can get out of the house and you can start interacting and having a little bit more consistency , it will feel good.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling sad and frustrated because you're struggling to motivate yourself to follow a schedule, and it's making you feel like you need someone else to force you to do things.  That sounds really tough.  Can you tell me a bit more about what makes you feel so bad about yourself in those moments? What thoughts are going through your head?\n", 'finetuned_result': '[00:00:27]  So, I think it’s important to recognize the discrepancy between what you say, and what you do. But it may be more important to focus on what you want to change, and to supporting you as you move in that direction. I’m not going to be, “Yoko, this is the discrepancy , and this is what you need to do.” I’m going to be, “Yoko, you say you want to do these things. How can I support you in making that happen? What are the most important things for you to change your schedule? Let’s make a plan for that.”'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Ah. They’re back home permanently?" patient: "Yeah. Because they always need to go out. And that’ s always a reason to go outside, like you said." mental health assistant: "And take a walk." patient: "It doesn’ t always end up being very .  Ugh. And also, I think that maybe right after I last saw you or towards the end of feeling really anxious and keyed-up, I also started to feel really angry . The same kind of—if I saw some—I would get into a fight in a parking lot or something. And then even just taking the dogs for a run, because it was so much work, made me so angry . So, it’ s part of my wondering if my hormones are just uncontrollable. And I’m just not meant to function at all." ', 'therapist_result': 'I don’ t think many people are meant to function under these circumstances for very long. Or function without feeling badly . You’re functioning. There are some consequences to it. You don’ t feel well a lot of the time. How’ s the keyboard process going? You were in the process of seeing if that was something you could from  mom.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling angry and frustrated, and that anger seems connected to your family member being home more often and the increased demands on your time, even with something like walking the dogs.  It sounds exhausting.  You mentioned feeling this way right after our last session, and it\'s intensified.  You’re wondering if it’s hormonal, if you’re simply unable to cope with it all.  \n\nCan you tell me more about what triggers this anger?  Is it specific situations, or is it more of a general feeling that flares up in certain contexts?  And when you say "uncontrollable," what exactly does that feel like? What does it feel like in your body when you feel this anger?\n\nIt makes perfect sense that you\'d be feeling overwhelmed and questioning your ability to cope.  Feeling angry in this situation is a valid and understandable response to the stress you\'re experiencing. It\'s not a sign of failure.  Let\'s explore this together, and see if we can find some ways to manage these intense feelings and better understand what\'s happening.  What are some things you’ve already tried to cope with this anger, and what hasn\'t worked?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Alright. Well, I don’ t know if it’ s hormonal or it’ s something more about you just feeling so constrained and frustrated when you have to do something that you feel is ordinary or merely functional or merely of use. I mean I’ve heard you say that many times about it. It doesn’ t matter if it’ s walking the dogs or—or emptying the dishwasher .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah, so, I can’ t get one from her . But I have decided to sell a bunch of stuf f to make space for it. So, I put some up on Craig’ s List, which is really a disheartening thing to do because Craig’ s List is really frustrating. Because I’m really excited to get rid of some stuf f. Sell some things. Replace it with a keyboard." patient: "Because that might be a way of feeling—for times when you’re at home, I wonder if using that would be something that would help you feel productive. Give you an outlet for some of these feelings." mental health assistant: "Yeah.  I mean, I think I was telling you a little bit my reckless spending. And then, Josh is also —we keep both trying to buy things that we think will help, like these noise-cancelling headphones. And he’ s been buying all sorts of exercise contraptions to try to do a little bit of exercise at home." patient: "Yeah. And if I didn’ t buy the really expensive headphones on Saturday , I might’ve just bought a keyboard, but that ended up coming first. Actually , that’ s when I decided to sell some stuf f. 00:43:37) stop, just  I mean, this has always been something that—Josh would be any supplement he thought would help, really .  just to feel more harmful than helpful. I still think the keyboard’ s really helpful ." ', 'therapist_result': 'You’re explaining why your process of selling to buy . Yeah. That’ s going to make you feel like you’re doing something responsible. And that’ s okay . I do think that the desire to want to buy something that’ s going to fix is so understandable. Especially when you both feel so out-of-control and helpless to be able to control what’ s going on with him.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling conflicted about your recent spending, particularly the expensive headphones, and how that impacted your ability to buy the keyboard you really wanted.  It sounds like you're trying to find ways to feel more productive and have creative outlets at home, and the keyboard is a significant part of that.\n\nCan you tell me more about why you feel the keyboard would be particularly helpful? What specific benefits do you anticipate from having it?\n\nAnd it sounds like the selling of items on Craigslist is a less-than-ideal solution but a necessary one right now.  That must be frustrating.  Can you describe what makes the process of selling things on Craigslist so disheartening for you?  What feelings come up when you think about it?\n\nIt also seems like you and Josh are both trying to alleviate stress and improve your moods through buying things, but sometimes those purchases feel more harmful than helpful.  How does that make you feel?  What are your thoughts on how you and Josh could possibly approach this differently moving forward?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Well, I guess one thing that’ s always struck me about your reckless spending is I think it’ s at least partly as an attempt to just kind of feel better . If you just kind of buy something, it can feel like you’re not so low . I don’ t mean that it’ s a good idea or anything. It’ s still just a band-aid, but I think it—I wonder if one of the things that it represents is a lot of these feelings. If you could really feel it, it just feels really hard right now , I think.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Mm-hmm." patient: "Playing music is a good coping technique." mental health assistant: "You need something to play on." patient: "Yes." ', 'therapist_result': 'So, figuring out a way to do that makes sense. But I think it’ s not the buying that’ s going to make you feel good. It’ s having something as another outlet that’ s going to, I think, be a positive impact on how you manage being limited.  It’ s harder to go out and have a consistent schedule by having a lot of emotions that you can’ t talk about him—you can’ t talk about with him right now . Music can be a healthy outlet for that.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you've found that playing music is a helpful way to cope, but you're lacking the tools to do so right now.  That must be frustrating. Can you tell me a bit more about what's preventing you from playing music?  What kind of instrument or setup do you need?  And what feeling or emotion are you hoping to manage when you turn to music?\n", 'finetuned_result': "Perhaps it's something that you can spend some time with as well and something that you'd enjoy doing even if it didn't have the side ef fect of helping you. Well, I guess it does help you in some way if it's something you enjoy doing, but you know  Or you could just write. I know some people say it's a form of meditation in a way ."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "tired –" patient: "more like this ." mental health assistant: "You might not need something to relieve your . Because I think it comes from the same place. My guess is, is that the feeling tired is hiding from being overwhelmed. And the anxiety is –" patient: "Mm-hmm." ', 'therapist_result': 'is just maybe a dif ferent way of experiencing it.  Because I think it is feeling overwhelmed with your responsibilities and somewhat helpless in being able to meet all of the dif ferent things that you’re being called to meet. Even though it feels really dif ferent, I’m not sure that the coping with it is necessarily that dif ferent. When you feel exhausted, it still might—I wonder what would happen if you took out the Silly Putty and played with it and broke it and smooshed it and formed it into things. How that would change I think trying it out and seeing how it impacts your feelings, where it takes you to. The idea is just to move to a different place.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'ve said "Mm-hmm" which tells me you\'re recognizing something in what I\'ve said.  That\'s great.  Can you tell me a little more about what resonated with you there?  Was it the idea that the tiredness and anxiety are connected? Or something else entirely?\n', 'finetuned_result': "And so when you say you're tired and you don't get a lot done  it feels to me like there's something about the anxiety that's scarier than being overwhelmed. Something about being overwhelmed is easier than facing the anxiety . So you get more overwhelmed to avoid the anxiety . I'll qualify that. I don't think you think it or do it consciously but it feels like that."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah.  I think the goal is always to find a way to help yourself manage whatever you’re feeling." patient: "Mm-hmm." mental health assistant: "The goal is always for you to feel calm, grounded, good." patient: "Mm-hmm." ', 'therapist_result': 'The same techniques might get you there, regardless of where you’re starting from. Let’ s play with them. Wherever you are.  And see how it helps you to move. Anything else that we should’ve caught up on today that we didn’ t? I think we had scheduled. So, next week, we’re on Monday .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you've acknowledged that the goal is to feel calm, grounded, and good. That's a great starting point.  It sounds like you're nodding along, which tells me you understand the concept, but maybe you're not quite sure how to get there.  \n\nCan you tell me a little more about what's been making it difficult to feel calm, grounded, and good lately?  There’s no right or wrong answer; just whatever comes to mind.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'So it seems like it makes it harder if you’re constantly in this mode of having to constantly reassure yourself that you’re okay.   I was thinking about the analogy I used before of the car. So let’s say that the car is driving down the road and the driver’s going along and suddenly the car veers of f the road and there’s an “oh, s**t” moment. But the driver veers the car back onto the road and continues going.  I think a lot of the time, for you, when you’re veering of f the road like that, you’re so preoccupied with reassuring yourself that you’re okay , you’re constantly in that reassurance mode, it distracts you so much, you forget to pay attention to the road and drive the car.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And then, the week after that –" patient: "I will not be around anyway ." mental health assistant: "Okay . I’m not either , actually ." patient: "Oh. Okay ." ', 'therapist_result': 'I don’ t know  schedule  back. All right. So, you’re not around—oh, I had you as a question mark for Monday , the 14th, but you’re not around that day . So, normally , we would reconvene on Wednesday , the 23rd, but I’m still out of the office that week.', 'base_result': 'Okay.  You said, "I will not be around anyway."  That sounds like a pretty heavy statement. Can you tell me more about what you mean by that?  What\'s going on that makes you feel that way?  There\'s no pressure to share anything you\'re not comfortable with, but understanding your perspective is important for me to help.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'So then, the week after that, it all kind of went to hell. You know , you felt like you just couldn’t deal with it all anymore and then you started drinking a lot. And then you were kind of in a panic. And then you had some things to help, I guess, with the drinking, but not the main issue. And then you sort of felt a little clearer and you called me. And then you went to a meeting, but it doesn’t sound like it really helped. And then you were in a panic again, so you called me again. And you’re just kind of in a panic right now . I think, like I said, I think you’re just kind of in a lot of need and you’re kind of shocked that you are. You know , and I think you’re kind of shocked that you’re just not over it. And then, because of that, I think you’re kind of pissed of f, I think, at me and a little at yourself, you know , because I think you’re shocked, you know , that we can’t kind of – I don’t know what exactly the form of that is to you, but just the form of getting over this. And I think that’s –  –'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Okay ." patient: "And I’m sorry , that was the 25th?" mental health assistant: "So, that’ s the 25th at, yeah, 3:30. And then, we’ll meet again Wednesday , the 30th, at 3:30, which would be your normal Wednesday ." patient: "Do you have Friday and then a Wednesday?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. That’ s okay , isn’ t it? It’ s the same as Wednesday to Monday . If you want to do the Friday , we don’ t—we certainly don’ t have to if that feels too close to you. It’ s just a really long time—it seems like a really long time to me between the 9th and the 30th.  Three weeks.', 'base_result': "Okay, I understand you're asking about the scheduling.  It sounds like you're trying to clarify the appointments.  Can you tell me what's making you question the schedule? What specifically feels unclear or confusing about having a Friday appointment and then a Wednesday appointment?  What are your concerns about this arrangement?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'My hours are a little inconsistent. The most consistent days are Tuesday s and Thursday s. Tuesday s, I’m always here, Tuesday afternoon, and Thursday morning. Friday , I’m here sometimes, but not Friday mornings, and Wednesday s, I’m here half the time. But Tuesday , Friday , if you need, Tuesday afternoon, I’m here. Friday , if you need to, if you’re here, I’ll be here, just not in the mornings.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "No. And I think part of it is probably depression. But I don\'t really think a lot of it is. I think it\'s more like physical exhaustion because I have noticed that when I don\'t get the sleep I need, I do my body not giving me the kind of, you know , fuel  I need. So..." patient: "It\'s brutal." mental health assistant: "It\'s brutal. And so  yeah. But I do hope that things will get better and maybe they will." patient: "I\'m just kind of sick of living in this existence, you know?" ', 'therapist_result': "Yeah, you've had a bunch of really awful things happen to you that you can't do anything about. ways that are, like, just the opposite of what  for you. Like, in terms of work, in terms of just being able to be productive and ease your mind. I mean, all this stuf f that, you know , [get you]  social, stuf f with Mike. Most of the stuf f that matters a lot of the stuf f that matters most to you has been af fected.", 'base_result': '"I hear you saying you\'re sick of this existence. That sounds incredibly difficult. Can you tell me more about what specifically makes this existence feel so unbearable right now?"\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I mean I think, I\'m actually glad you brought up that story about your mother because I think it\'s kind of an important theme in your life. You know , it\'s a little hard to put my finger on, but it\'s something about, I don\'t know . I mean there\'s a lot of stuf f about your mother that\'s exhausting, frustrating. There\'s a lot of stuf f that\'s kind of upsetting to me. I don\'t really know how to talk about it. But it\'s like the stuf f that\'s sort of happened to you and how frustrating it is and how exhausting it is and how , I think, seriously it\'s impacted your life. And then when you started telling the story about your mother , I was thinking, "Wow ," you know . Like there\'s a lot of stuf f here that\'s really frustrating, you know? It\'s really [inaudible]  and I think like your  mother \'s sort of tendency or a tendency to kind of dismiss or to not see or to not be, you know , sympathetic to your struggle.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And, you know , I just didn\'t feel like following through on it because it just doesn\'t but I am worried that, you know , if I still stay blue that maybe I should do something. I don\'t know . I\'m not anti-drugs. I just feel like, "W ow, another pill. That\'s going to be fabulous to have to think about." So..." patient: "Yeah, I mean, you can I don\'t know ." mental health assistant: "I\'m actually on some level, also, I\'m just, like, worried about, like, one more interaction I have to deal with too." patient: "Sure. , like, couldn\'t sleep, the ener gy to focus." ', 'therapist_result': "...to you. Like, if you want to try it or you need any help, like, I don't think it'd be hard to get somebody to prescribe it for you but, you know , you don't want to have to deal with one more god damn drug, with interactions, with the side ef fects and...", 'base_result': 'Okay, so it sounds like you\'re feeling really overwhelmed and unsure about what to do.  You mentioned feeling "blue" and considering medication, but also feeling hesitant and burdened by the idea of another pill and another interaction.  That makes complete sense.  It\'s understandable to feel that way.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel hesitant about taking medication right now? Is it the potential side effects, the ongoing commitment, or something else entirely?  \n\nAnd you mentioned difficulty sleeping and lacking energy to focus.  That sounds incredibly draining.  How long have you been experiencing these symptoms?  And what, if anything, has helped even a little bit in the past?  What are some things that make you feel even a tiny bit better, even if it\'s just for a short time?\n\nFinally,  you said you\'re worried about "one more interaction." Can you expand on that? What kind of interaction is it, and what makes it feel overwhelming?  There\'s no need to go into detail if you don\'t feel comfortable, but understanding the source of that worry might help us find some strategies to cope.\n', 'finetuned_result': "Yeah, no. , I mean I've seen you get up of f the couch and do of f a bowl of  cereal and  watch  football, you know , or read a book, or , you know , and it is absolutely an anti-depressive activity when somebody who's depressed does it. Like it can be, and is in your case, like a real and substantial way out of the swamp, and that's because you're doing it because it feels good. You like football. It makes you feel better ."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Oh, okay , signed by the..." patient: "Yeah, by the artist, yeah. It’ s like, I think he just drew on my card, you know like, with the . So, it actually greatly devalues the card. Still, since I have mine, I know them to be legit, because I know the people from whom they came. I’m like, okay .  To some degree. But, the great news about signed cards is if you need to make room in your collection, you can start pitching them, you know? It was like, I threw so many cards in the recycling bin. I was like, “Oh, I just don’ t have like, room for these in a box.” Chuck!" mental health assistant: "Oh, is that right?" patient: "Yeah, just like, the basic stuf f like, because like, he gives me, he’ s giving me a great deal. So, normally , they sell these boxes, mystery boxes, for $6, right? There are just like, a thousand cards, so it could be, you know , common or uncommon rarity , from any magic set. You have no idea what’ s in there. It’ s not useless playing cards, but it’ s... a box of a thousand cards, could be anything. They sell for $6. They’ll buy them from me for $3, but they’ll need to sell me the box first, which is $1.50. So I make a $1.50 of f a thousand cards. If you’ll recall, last time I was in, I was like, “Listen I’ll be bringing like, thousands and thousands of these cards, and I don’ t want to pay for the boxes. So he gave me like $200 in boxes for free. He was like, “Here. There you go.” “Thank you!” So, I come in, he’ s like, “W e actually raised the price of these to $8 a box, as an experiment. So I’m going to pay you $4 a box for all of these.” He’ s like, “I’m not going to be paying $4 a box very soon.” He was like, “But since you’re here, it’ s $4 a box.” “Excellent! Great!” So, yeah, basically , I had 200 of those. No, that’ s right, I had 20 of those, I had 20 of those boxes, so that was nice. And, you know ...  Anyway , so, but it was just really , a really nice experience to go through cutting that whole thing down, and then just being like, “And I need these things too,” you know? And him being like, “Yeah, like, because I want that troll war  right now , I want it so much.” You know like you know , and I was like, “All right, can’ t, I can’ t spend a $100 on that.” I’m like, “But I’m not going to spend $100 on that.” I was like, “I need like, 800 sleeves of the same type and brand from the same shipment,” so I could re-sleeve my cube, because those sleeves are getting old and tattered. That’ s $80, you know? I needed some other cards . It was like, I wanted $250 worth of stuf f, he gave me for $90, of f of the total that I, the stuf f. I was like... “This is great.” So, I mean... hell, I haven’ t put it in the bank yet, so I shouldn’ t even count it. A lot could happen between here and the bank, you know . But...  Regardless, I did that instead of doing work, partially because today I’m thinking, part of me is like, “W ell, your brain is going to kick in. You go down and you go there, you sit down, you put some Mozart on, and go through problems...”" ', 'therapist_result': 'But I think, you know , you were really getting into this more, I think, on Friday even more and more about, you know , I think this idea of... “It should be perfect already ,” so important to it all. “I should know this already .”  I was thinking about that a lot, actually , after we left. I think that was a really important thing, because it made me think about how ... how sometimes, you know , how you have... that there are definitely that side of you that thinks, “God, if I don’ t know it without learning it first, there is something wrong.” Then I thought, at the same time, what really makes you who you are is that you’ve learned through experience. [00:1 1:46]', 'base_result': 'That sounds like a really interesting and somewhat complicated day!  It seems like you had a very productive and satisfying experience with the card trading, even though there were some unexpected price changes.  Can you tell me more about what felt particularly satisfying about that experience? What aspects of it made you feel good?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'What I’m thinking as you’re saying this, is like, I hear all the positive, constructive interpretations of what’ s happening with the cards. You’re kind of, and I don’ t mean to be an ass about this, like, sort of stretching a bit to find interpretations that feel good to you. What I’m missing, and maybe that’ s just because it’ s not there, but I don’ t think it is, is some recognition of what I assume is there, which is, this is in some way , a flight from working on the dissertation.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Is that right?" patient: "And... that’ s because this side really shows emotion more clearly and more instinctively . It’s harder to control the mark on this side, whereas this side..." mental health assistant: "I never realized it." patient: "Well, I don’ t know . It seems that way , when I look at pictures of myself, or like... My smile is always been a half smile.  You know? I don’ t know . Anyway , who knows? But, yeah. I mean, the combination of those things, just learning those things and... yeah, and doing them. But again, that intimacy . Yeah, the most beautiful thing, it’ s a beautiful thing that two people do. And you have to do it a lot of times, and sometimes it was shit, sometimes the show was just shit, and you did the best you could with what you had. Other times, the show was really good, and you were really good, you know?" ', 'therapist_result': 'You know , it does make me kind of like, it just made me think about sort of it all, my mind went to engineers and how they , you know , where I went to under grad, they grouped together and did those things as a group, too, a very intimate kind of, very dif ferent than theater ,  but...', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'ve noticed a difference in how you express emotion on each side of your face, and you\'ve connected that to your experiences in intimate relationships.  It sounds like you\'re reflecting on the intensity of those emotions and the varying levels of control you felt you had over expressing them.  You mentioned that sometimes those intimate experiences were "shit," and other times they were "really good." That\'s quite a range of experiences.\n\nCan you tell me more about what made some of those intimate experiences feel "shit"? What was happening in those moments that made you feel that way?  And on the other hand, what contributed to the experiences that felt "really good"?  What was different?  \n\nIt also sounds like the awareness of your asymmetrical facial expressions is significant to you.  It seems to be linked to your feelings about intimacy and your ability to express yourself in those situations.  What does it *feel* like to notice this difference in your expression? Does it bring up any particular emotions for you, like frustration, sadness, or something else?  And I\'m curious, what comes to mind when you think about the connection between the asymmetry of your expressions and the quality of your intimate relationships?  There\'s no right or wrong answer here; I\'m just trying to understand your perspective better.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'This is another way that some of the stuf f about control and authenticity and honesty , you know? It’ s all... I mean, it fits in that same category . You know , it’s a lot to me, that your mom’ s so neurotic about the whole thing, you know? But in real life, I mean, the fiction is she’ s very neurotic about it, but that she’ s still there, you know? I mean, in reality , she wasn’ t. You know?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I know that you can do... There is no doubt. You just have to give yourself the time." patient: "And that’ s what it is. I just need to put the time in. It’ s so much, I have so much time, and I do so little with it, you know? I feel like I do various things, but some of the time is like, “What did you do?” “I spend a lot of it playing video games.” “Why?” “Because I love being in other worlds , I like that, you know?” So, I got to play Minecraft with like, with my nephew Dan  for like, an hour . He’ s got like a house, he’s building your mind and like , gets real excited. He found a little cave, he walled of f both entrances to it and, you know , and put a door in both ends. So, got a couple of beds in there, so we can make it dawn if we need to at any point." mental health assistant: "Is that right?" patient: "Yeah. If you’re on a server , everyone is asleep at the same time, for the sun to come up; otherwise, he has to wait for ten minutes, the cycles, but... And it was great, it was wonderful, you know? He wants to get his friend on there. I’m like, “Y eah, we’ll get your friend on.” He’ s a good kid, I’d vouch for him." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think you’re right. It’ s like, another world, where the world of these, of like, the anxieties about... like, learning that stuf f comes over you. It is really hard.  You lose, but that’ s the thing about you, though, I was thinking about it, is that’ s actually your greatest strength. You learn!', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling overwhelmed by the amount of time you have and feeling like you're not using it productively.  You mentioned spending a lot of time playing video games, and while you enjoy escaping into other worlds, you also seem to feel a bit of guilt or dissatisfaction about it.  Is that a fair assessment?\n\nAnd it sounds like spending time with your nephew, playing Minecraft, was a really positive experience.  You seemed genuinely happy describing his excitement about the cave and building his house. Can you tell me more about what made that time with him so wonderful?  What was it specifically about that experience that felt good?  What did it feel like to be a part of his excitement?\n\nYou mentioned feeling like some of your time is just…gone, that you can't account for it.  What thoughts or feelings come up when you think about those periods of time?  And what are some things you might enjoy doing that you *haven't* been doing lately?  It sounds like connecting with your nephew is something you enjoy – are there other activities or people that bring you that same feeling of connection and joy?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . Okay . You want to take yourself the same way that you take your nephew. You love him, you want him to have fun, you want him to be entertained, you want him to learn, you want him to be safe, and you would vouch for him to have those same qualities.  Now , what about the Marshall’ s story?'},