{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Not a dream, exactly . I think it’ s [the same in your dream.]  When you say nightmare, were you at all terrified in the dream ever? Or did it feel more like a nightmare of embarrassment?" patient: "That’ s the thing, I think it was terrifying." mental health assistant: "It was? Exposed to them?" patient: "Yeah. It’ s hard to explain because I think to most people it sounds like, “So your co-workers saw your parents’  house when it was messy? How is that terrifying?” But it’ s not like that." ', 'therapist_result': 'I can just imagine, actually , how that would be terrifying in your experience. I was just asking – you didn’ t describe it so much in that way when you were first telling it. It sounds like it was a kind of really anxious dread about what they saw and what was going on.', 'base_result': "Okay, I hear you saying it's not as simple as just your coworkers seeing a messy house, and that it was actually terrifying.  That makes sense.  It sounds like there's more to it than just a messy house. Can you tell me more about what made it so terrifying? What specific feelings came up for you in that moment?  What aspects of the situation felt particularly threatening or overwhelming?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I think it’ s partly because it feels very debunking of this fantasy that in a lot of ways you maintain even when it’ s disconfirmed over and over , which is that, actually , your inner life, your mind is a special place. Nobody can really see what’ s going on in there. In some way you have very private, special thoughts, and if anyone really knew what you were thinking they would be quite impressed. And if they knew all of your secrets you would be a little embarrassed, but mostly impressed.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And you weren’ t understanding?" patient: "I couldn’ t answer the questions and I don’ t know why . And then I looked in the hall or something and was being held upside down. I don’ t know why ." mental health assistant: "By whom?" patient: "I don’ t know . But everything I learned was going to my head, which doesn’ t make sense, because the whole point of the dream was that I wasn’ t retaining anything and I wasn’ t learning anything. I think that one is pretty obvious because I’ve been pretty consistently – I don’ t know if worked up is the right term or phrase – but worried that now that I’m out of school I’m losing things or I don’ t know what I want to do next or I’m sometimes doing projects at work that aren’ t really meaningful to me or challenging and afraid that I’m losing. So I think some of these are really crystal clear ." ', 'therapist_result': 'There is a transparency , in a way , that they’re not so strange that they’re far away from your daytime experience, and yet I still wonder that there has been a chain of not-so-good dreams and a kind of anxiety , dread, terror dreams, even where, in a way , Ramona, there is kind of a common thread about a part of', 'base_result': "Okay, so you had this dream where you couldn't answer questions, felt like you were being held upside down, and yet simultaneously felt like you were overwhelmed with information.  That sounds incredibly confusing and unsettling.  Can you tell me more about what that feeling of being upside down felt like? What emotions were connected to that sensation?\n\nAnd you mentioned that you're worried about losing things – skills, knowledge, direction in your life after school.  You connected this worry to the dream, and it makes sense that those feelings of being overwhelmed and unable to retain information would surface in your dreams.  It's completely understandable to feel worried and unsure about the future after a major life transition like leaving school.  What specifically is causing you the most concern right now – the lack of challenging work, the uncertainty about your future career path, or something else entirely?  What comes to mind when you think about these concerns?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Like we were talking about this kind of dynamic of your suppressing or shutting down or dissociating or inhibiting your emotional life and then when it breaks through the dam breaks and you get all of this that you’ve been holding back, which makes it even harder to function, which makes you feel more shittier , which can exacerbate the suppression and the shutting down and so on. We talked about one way of trying to get of f that see-saw a bit might be to pay more attention to the dam and the dam walls and the process of what’s going on with them and the dam breaking.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "By whom?" patient: "I don’ t know . But everything I learned was going to my head, which doesn’ t make sense, because the whole point of the dream was that I wasn’ t retaining anything and I wasn’ t learning anything. I think that one is pretty obvious because I’ve been pretty consistently – I don’ t know if worked up is the right term or phrase – but worried that now that I’m out of school I’m losing things or I don’ t know what I want to do next or I’m sometimes doing projects at work that aren’ t really meaningful to me or challenging and afraid that I’m losing. So I think some of these are really crystal clear ." mental health assistant: "There is a transparency , in a way , that they’re not so strange that they’re far away from your daytime experience, and yet I still wonder that there has been a chain of not-so-good dreams and a kind of anxiety , dread, terror dreams, even where, in a way , Ramona, there is kind of a common thread about a part of" patient: "Yes, and I am aware of that level of insecurity , even as I fear . . . I feel really unloved by so many of the things that Ivan has done and I just want him to write something to me. And as clear as it is that he’ s going out of his way and doing some really difficult things and making lots of efforts, I still have this insecurity and this disappointment and this sadness my husband doesn’ t love me; I think this sadness that I’m not very important to my parents, even though . . . It’ s complicated. Or in a week when my sister has had a really long week and she suggested hanging out, but I think she’ s probably too tired, I tell her , “You know , let’s not,” because I’m worried that she’ s too nice to say she doesn’ t want to hang out.  That’ s not what’ s happening, but I’m scared of it. The same thing with my friends – if they’re not as in touch one week, I feel this insecurity and sadness and this kind of pulling back into the self-critical, self-dislike, hate, which doesn’ t feel good, obviously . It has me feeling anxious and down, so I’m not sure where to go with that because I don’ t want to slip. I felt so good about a lot of the work you’ve helped me do to get out of that mindset." ', 'therapist_result': 'You know it’ s a vulnerability , Ramona, so it will ebb and flow , especially when certain things happen.  There is a way you’re waiting for something in writing from Ivan that kind of increasingly has become something that’ s hanging in the air between the two of you and maybe every day that passes, it’ s starting to generate this anxiety . What if he doesn’ t love me and he has to say this positive? I know you don’ t probably intellectually know that that’ s true, but the feeling of waiting and wanting and hoping and each day there is nothing, I think that pulls you back more to those feelings. Again, it’ s an opportunity to get to know more about them and where they come from. There has to be so much self-loathing that’ s starting to just eat away and gnaw at you in your childhood. [00:1 1:03]', 'base_result': "Ramona, it sounds like you've identified some really important connections between your dreams, your anxieties about your future, and your relationships.  You mentioned feeling unloved by Ivan's actions, even when he’s making an effort. That takes a lot of courage to acknowledge, and it's understandable that you'd feel insecure and disappointed despite his efforts. Can you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel unloved in those situations? What are you hoping he would do differently?\n\n\nYou also described similar feelings with your family and friends – anticipating rejection before it happens and pulling back to avoid potential hurt.  It's brave of you to admit to feeling self-critical, even hateful towards yourself at times.  That's incredibly painful, and it's understandable that you'd want to avoid slipping back into that mindset after the progress you've made.  Can you describe a time when you felt that self-hate most intensely? What triggered it?\n\n\nYour dreams, reflecting this fear of not learning or losing what you've learned, seem to be a powerful symbol of these anxieties about your future and your relationships.  It’s interesting that despite the dream’s content about not retaining information, you *are* retaining and processing these anxieties in your waking life.  This shows your strength and self-awareness.  What do you think your dreams might be trying to tell you about your current feelings and needs?\n\nFinally, you're aware of these patterns, and you want to prevent yourself from slipping. That's a great starting point.  What do you think might be helpful strategies for coping with these feelings of insecurity and self-criticism when they arise? What worked well in the past? What could you try differently this time?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'There is something in the dream that I wonder if we’ve talked about that is I think important. The dream is about – there are a lot of things going on with your great-aunt and the school, but another way to think about it is a loss of something.  It’ s not just – I mean, there is that. It’ s not just about your relationship to  studying, but in a way there is a loss of something there as well, because of the way it played out. There is a kind of grief. There is a loss of knowledge, which in a way you’ve gained, but it’s a different kind than the way you dream it up. I wonder about a relationship to a loss, because in a way it is lost. It’ s about a death, even though she’ s not dead in the dream. The dream is about a death of a relative in the dream. I wonder if one of the things that’ s scary about that story is whether or not the writing is going to be all right, or it’ s scary because of the loss of knowledge or the fear of the loss of knowledge. But in another way , you’re gaining something important. There is something important that you’re gaining, even though there is a loss of something. What are the other things that are happening in your life that have to do with losses or deaths?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You know it’ s a vulnerability , Ramona, so it will ebb and flow , especially when certain things happen.  There is a way you’re waiting for something in writing from Ivan that kind of increasingly has become something that’ s hanging in the air between the two of you and maybe every day that passes, it’ s starting to generate this anxiety . What if he doesn’ t love me and he has to say this positive? I know you don’ t probably intellectually know that that’ s true, but the feeling of waiting and wanting and hoping and each day there is nothing, I think that pulls you back more to those feelings. Again, it’ s an opportunity to get to know more about them and where they come from. There has to be so much self-loathing that’ s starting to just eat away and gnaw at you in your childhood. [00:1 1:03]" patient: "I don’ t know . I don’ t know . Right now I think I’m starting to be aware. I feel like this is part of depression, really – personalizing or magnifying things. So even though Ivan cooked dinner Thursday night, and Thursdays I always have a long day , he made a little footbath for me; just doing a lot of sweet or thoughtful things and showing that he’ s trying. It’ s still there so there is a disconnect." mental health assistant: "When you say “still there” you mean feeling that way towards him?" patient: "Yeah. Or even with my friends. My really good girlfriend from grad school is talking about how she and her boyfriend might move because she hates the weather here and they’re from Arizona, that area, and they really want to go back.  And she’ s like, “The culture here, people are just so snobby ,” which I mean it can be true in dif ferent parts of the city , I guess. I just felt like it was personal at me. I took it so personally like, “She’ s going to leave and we’re not going to hang out anymore and I’m not going to see her anymore. If I stay here and that’ s how everybody really is, what does that say about me?” That’ s so not what she was saying, but I just felt really sad and I also felt kind of insecure. Like I said, I’m thinking that I’m really personalizing. Or like if Emma has a really long week and she is still willing to hang out, but she acknowledges that she’ s had a long week I’m like, “Maybe she doesn’ t want to hang out.” That’ s me, so I need to . . ." ', 'therapist_result': 'You’re recognizing the cognitive distortions and I think you know how to challenge those. Maybe just that you’re aware of them starts to work a step to disable that that’ s actually not personal, what she’ s saying, at all, but I’m making it personal for some reason. Or you’re magnifying the things that aren’ t getting done from Ivan, perhaps, but not really , and dismissing it, despite all the positive, loving things that he’ s doing towards you in forming the global assessment of whether he loves you or not. There is still, at the dynamic layer of what you’re talking about, something that comes out in your dreams, Ramona. There is something about when you say “personalizing,” I think, that is an enormous process that was set in place when you were a kid and it comes up in your dream. For example, you have these surgeons over for a meeting, your work meeting, and you are mortified to the point of dread and terror at what they will see about you when they come into the inside of your home.  I think there must have been  of how your home looked, what your parents were incapable of doing, that you had to internalize as meaning something about you. In other words, if you had a friend over and they saw the house, would they judge you?', 'base_result': "Ramona, it sounds like you're noticing a pattern of interpreting situations in a way that amplifies negative feelings and makes you feel insecure.  That's a really insightful observation, and it takes courage to acknowledge that.  It's understandable that you're feeling this way, especially given the added stress of waiting for Ivan's response.\n\nCan you tell me more about what it feels like when you personalize situations like that?  What are the physical or emotional sensations you experience?  For example, when you felt your friend's comment about the city was directed at you, what happened in your body?  What thoughts raced through your mind?\n\nYou mentioned feeling a disconnect despite Ivan's kind gestures.  Can you describe that disconnect a little further? What's the difference between what you *see* him doing and what you *feel* inside?  Is it a feeling of not being good enough, or perhaps a fear of rejection, even when he's showing affection?\n\nAnd with your friend Emma, you're noticing a similar pattern.  It seems like you're anticipating rejection even when it's not explicitly communicated. What are some thoughts or beliefs you have about yourself that might be contributing to this pattern of interpreting things negatively?  \n\nIt’s brave of you to be exploring these feelings and connections. There's no right or wrong way to feel in these situations.  Let's explore these patterns together, and see if we can find some ways to challenge these interpretations and develop coping strategies.  What feels most important to unpack first for you right now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'And it’ s going to take a while, you know. It’ s like a deep, deep root in your body , in your soul, your psyche, and it’ s going to take time.  There will be times that you will be strong and there will be times where you are less strong, but that’ s what we are here for.  And every time you go out of that hole, you make it a little shallower , a little shallower , a little shallower .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "When you say “still there” you mean feeling that way towards him?" patient: "Yeah. Or even with my friends. My really good girlfriend from grad school is talking about how she and her boyfriend might move because she hates the weather here and they’re from Arizona, that area, and they really want to go back.  And she’ s like, “The culture here, people are just so snobby ,” which I mean it can be true in dif ferent parts of the city , I guess. I just felt like it was personal at me. I took it so personally like, “She’ s going to leave and we’re not going to hang out anymore and I’m not going to see her anymore. If I stay here and that’ s how everybody really is, what does that say about me?” That’ s so not what she was saying, but I just felt really sad and I also felt kind of insecure. Like I said, I’m thinking that I’m really personalizing. Or like if Emma has a really long week and she is still willing to hang out, but she acknowledges that she’ s had a long week I’m like, “Maybe she doesn’ t want to hang out.” That’ s me, so I need to . . ." mental health assistant: "You’re recognizing the cognitive distortions and I think you know how to challenge those. Maybe just that you’re aware of them starts to work a step to disable that that’ s actually not personal, what she’ s saying, at all, but I’m making it personal for some reason. Or you’re magnifying the things that aren’ t getting done from Ivan, perhaps, but not really , and dismissing it, despite all the positive, loving things that he’ s doing towards you in forming the global assessment of whether he loves you or not. There is still, at the dynamic layer of what you’re talking about, something that comes out in your dreams, Ramona. There is something about when you say “personalizing,” I think, that is an enormous process that was set in place when you were a kid and it comes up in your dream. For example, you have these surgeons over for a meeting, your work meeting, and you are mortified to the point of dread and terror at what they will see about you when they come into the inside of your home.  I think there must have been  of how your home looked, what your parents were incapable of doing, that you had to internalize as meaning something about you. In other words, if you had a friend over and they saw the house, would they judge you?" patient: "It’s a really hard thing. It’ s a really hard thing because I honestly grew up never having friends over because it was terrifying, embarrassing, humiliating; and it wasn’ t as simple as telling my parents, “I really want" ', 'therapist_result': 'I totally get that that didn’ t happen and you’ve said that before. I think the point is that you were already drawing a conclusion inside yourself that your friends would then think less of you. In other words, when someone feels mortified, it’ s a kind of personal mortification. Do you know what I mean? Instead of feeling like, “Y eah, look at my incompetent parents. What’ s wrong with them, but this has nothing to do with me? I would have the house clean if I were the parents here,” which, of course you couldn’ t think. You were the child. Of course that is personalized in a way in development. Do you know what I mean? It starts to feel like it’ s some representation of a part of yourself.', 'base_result': "It sounds like you've identified a really significant and painful pattern. You're bravely facing some deep-seated insecurities that stem from your childhood, and that takes courage.  You're right, it *is* a hard thing.\n\nInstead of focusing on solutions right now, let's explore those feelings a bit more. You mentioned feeling terrified, embarrassed, and humiliated about having friends over to your childhood home.  Can you tell me more about what specifically made you feel that way? What aspects of your home or family situation contributed to those feelings?  What was it about the environment that made you afraid of judgment from others?  There’s no right or wrong answer here; just exploring what comes up for you is important.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'But that’ s the issue I think. If it were, they would do it. I think it was much more like, and this is where the dad, I think, comes in and the institution, like a home, and the stability , it was much more, “You can’ t trust the neighbors,” even if they look nice on the surface, then, and therefore, there is something wrong with us. And the inside of the home and the inside of the institution and the inside of a person are mixed up, so there is something wrong with you. It’ s like, you know , people’ s homes look nice on the outside but then they let their kids run around like wild monkeys . And then you’re thinking, “If this is where this person lives, they’re not a good parent.” As though, wait a minute; so the inside of the house means there is something about the parent. I’m overgeneralizing a little, I’m sure, but you describe it as if that’ s the dynamics and I think that’ s what you might be overgeneralizing about Ivan. “Is he just saying these good things and does it matter? Is this the whole picture? Does this mean he’ s good. Or is this just a front and there is something else about him or something about me?" I’m not sure how it was possible growing up in your house to know that what was going on with the neighbors in that home was because of something about them and nothing about you? Do you know what I mean? Like what did you . . .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You’re recognizing the cognitive distortions and I think you know how to challenge those. Maybe just that you’re aware of them starts to work a step to disable that that’ s actually not personal, what she’ s saying, at all, but I’m making it personal for some reason. Or you’re magnifying the things that aren’ t getting done from Ivan, perhaps, but not really , and dismissing it, despite all the positive, loving things that he’ s doing towards you in forming the global assessment of whether he loves you or not. There is still, at the dynamic layer of what you’re talking about, something that comes out in your dreams, Ramona. There is something about when you say “personalizing,” I think, that is an enormous process that was set in place when you were a kid and it comes up in your dream. For example, you have these surgeons over for a meeting, your work meeting, and you are mortified to the point of dread and terror at what they will see about you when they come into the inside of your home.  I think there must have been  of how your home looked, what your parents were incapable of doing, that you had to internalize as meaning something about you. In other words, if you had a friend over and they saw the house, would they judge you?" patient: "It’s a really hard thing. It’ s a really hard thing because I honestly grew up never having friends over because it was terrifying, embarrassing, humiliating; and it wasn’ t as simple as telling my parents, “I really want" mental health assistant: "I totally get that that didn’ t happen and you’ve said that before. I think the point is that you were already drawing a conclusion inside yourself that your friends would then think less of you. In other words, when someone feels mortified, it’ s a kind of personal mortification. Do you know what I mean? Instead of feeling like, “Y eah, look at my incompetent parents. What’ s wrong with them, but this has nothing to do with me? I would have the house clean if I were the parents here,” which, of course you couldn’ t think. You were the child. Of course that is personalized in a way in development. Do you know what I mean? It starts to feel like it’ s some representation of a part of yourself." patient: "Right. And maybe I’m stuck, but it still feels that way because, at a certain age, even at a really young age, there was an extent of a certain amount – even if it was really small and it grew and grew and grew – of what I could do.  And there is something really different between a middle school or an elementary school kid and a high school or a middle school kid in which you can say . . .  As a teenager , if I were living at home and my parents never did any cleaning and my friends came over and I said, “Y ou know my parents don’ t clean the house. It’ s not my fault. This is how it is.” I could do something about it – maybe not all of it, but I still feel stuck in it not being my responsibility , but also not being something that I couldn’ t do anything about. So it still feels like a reflection on me. In theory , if you went over to someone’ s house and you found out that their parents didn’ t take care of it, you would feel sad or worried about them or concerned or maybe even . . . I don’ t know . But I think as a kid you would be like, “I don’ t want to hang out here. Wow, this is what you’re really like and you present something completely dif ferent at school.”" ', 'therapist_result': 'Again, I totally get that as a kid, those are kind of safe judgments to be assuming that other people are making, right? Kids don’ t know better . Other kids wouldn’ t know better . An adult might walk in and say , “Wow, this is neglect of these two girls. What is going on in this household?” and not, at all, put it on you. Even as teenagers, Ramona, at that point, that’ s when they need help from parents who have slowly been teaching them how to take on more and more responsibility based on the parents having been responsible parents. You didn’ t have any of that.  I think the point is there may be ways, as much as we’re talking about – I don’ t know how to explain this – there is this side of you that feels maybe Ivan doesn’ t love you, there is another layer that when you say , “What if I’m with him and he has limitations? Is that reflected poorly on me?” [00:18:1 1]', 'base_result': "That makes a lot of sense, Ramona.  It sounds incredibly frustrating and confusing to feel stuck in this pattern, even knowing it's not entirely your fault. You've articulated this really well.  It's not just about the messiness of the house, is it?  It's about the feeling of shame and the belief that it reflects on *you* personally, even now, as an adult.\n\nCan you tell me more about what made you feel you *couldn’t* do anything about it as a child? What were the specific limitations you felt you had at that age?  It seems like there's a gap between your understanding of the situation logically and the emotional response you still have.  Exploring that gap might help us understand why this remains such a powerful feeling.\n\nYou mentioned that as a teenager, you could have perhaps explained the situation to your friends. What do you think prevented you from doing that at the time? And what feelings come up when you think about that possibility now?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I don’ t doubt that there is a part of it that felt that way for you as a child. There is a part of me that is skeptical that that is the main part of what’ s stuck, but I’m not doubting that it was true. I think there is a part of that that’ s really stuck in the following sense, which is that I doubt that the issue is your being mortified in the moment if one of your friends came over and saw the state of the house and, honestly , I doubt that would even occur to you today . I mean, I doubt it would occur to you to be mortified if it happened. I think you’ve worked through a lot of that. So in other words, if it were just that as a child you were stuck in a thought that kind of thing would signify that there was something wrong with your parents, which clearly there was, and that you, as a representation of them, were therefore wrong, I think you’ve b ecome a lot smarter than that. I’ve never heard you say anything remotely like that since I’ve known you. And so I think that part of it is cured. I think there is still a piece that is stuck, some kind of meta-program that goes, “Hey , this house is gross. What kind of people live here? Oh, it’ s my parents. What kind of person is that? It’ s me! Oh crap!” It’s just not that light of an “Eh, whatever . . .” But I also get that, whatever the mechanism for that is, that’ s a hard piece to loosen because I think you have a lot of evidence for that assessment from childhood. A lot. Not just from your home, but from so many other institutions. [00:1 1:19]'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I totally get that that didn’ t happen and you’ve said that before. I think the point is that you were already drawing a conclusion inside yourself that your friends would then think less of you. In other words, when someone feels mortified, it’ s a kind of personal mortification. Do you know what I mean? Instead of feeling like, “Y eah, look at my incompetent parents. What’ s wrong with them, but this has nothing to do with me? I would have the house clean if I were the parents here,” which, of course you couldn’ t think. You were the child. Of course that is personalized in a way in development. Do you know what I mean? It starts to feel like it’ s some representation of a part of yourself." patient: "Right. And maybe I’m stuck, but it still feels that way because, at a certain age, even at a really young age, there was an extent of a certain amount – even if it was really small and it grew and grew and grew – of what I could do.  And there is something really different between a middle school or an elementary school kid and a high school or a middle school kid in which you can say . . .  As a teenager , if I were living at home and my parents never did any cleaning and my friends came over and I said, “Y ou know my parents don’ t clean the house. It’ s not my fault. This is how it is.” I could do something about it – maybe not all of it, but I still feel stuck in it not being my responsibility , but also not being something that I couldn’ t do anything about. So it still feels like a reflection on me. In theory , if you went over to someone’ s house and you found out that their parents didn’ t take care of it, you would feel sad or worried about them or concerned or maybe even . . . I don’ t know . But I think as a kid you would be like, “I don’ t want to hang out here. Wow, this is what you’re really like and you present something completely dif ferent at school.”" mental health assistant: "Again, I totally get that as a kid, those are kind of safe judgments to be assuming that other people are making, right? Kids don’ t know better . Other kids wouldn’ t know better . An adult might walk in and say , “Wow, this is neglect of these two girls. What is going on in this household?” and not, at all, put it on you. Even as teenagers, Ramona, at that point, that’ s when they need help from parents who have slowly been teaching them how to take on more and more responsibility based on the parents having been responsible parents. You didn’ t have any of that.  I think the point is there may be ways, as much as we’re talking about – I don’ t know how to explain this – there is this side of you that feels maybe Ivan doesn’ t love you, there is another layer that when you say , “What if I’m with him and he has limitations? Is that reflected poorly on me?” [00:18:1 1]" patient: "It’s really scary for me and I think it’ s part of what drives the . . . Right now I just constantly feel like, “What am I going to do next? Am I going to go back to school? How long am I going to work here? What’ s my next job going to be? When am I going to earn more money?” and feeling like I’m losing everything. “Right now I’m not accomplishing anything. This is terrible. I’m surrounded by a lot of these people who are sur geons.” My boss is an MD, DMD, MBA.  He’ s a crazy overachiever , so sometimes it’s really easy to feel like might be part of the nature of the job to feel that I’ve not gotten very far .  But I think part of it is sometimes, too – I don’ t know; it sounds really bizarre – but feeling like Ivan needs more time and needs more of something to figure out what he wants to do. And as much as there is nothing wrong with him working at Subway , it doesn’ t feel as okay for me to be okay with where I’m at if he’ s also really okay where he’ s at. And he is at a very dif ferent place from where we both thought he would be." ', 'therapist_result': 'Let’ s see if this makes any sense. Again, there may be a kind of overt part of what you’re talking about, Ramona, which is simply that you’re getting re-triggered back into self-loathing, a real sort of formalized self-loathing. There may also be ways – you know how we talked about as a kid it was a coping strategy for you to blame yourself for things that were not your responsibility because, at least, then it was in your control. [00:20:1 1] So I have to wonder if there isn’ t also, alongside the self-loathing, a part of you that’ s also getting stirred up about “is it okay that Ivan is . What’ s wrong with him?” or “is it okay that he works at Subway?” In fact, he’ s not in the same place as you developmentally . You’ve gone on and gotten your Master ’s degree. You’ve graduated. You now have a job in your field, after having graduated from 00:20:42). So your own criticism and wondering “is this good enough for me?” I think sometimes has been staring you in the face because as a kid you couldn’ t really sit in that place. There was nothing you could do. You can’ t just criticize your parents and decide, “Okay , I’ll go get a new set of parents because I don’ t think these ones are good enough.” Right? So you blamed yourself. You turned a lot of the things that you were disappointed in, but you were turning that back on yourself as a way to control it. I wonder if there is not another kind of layer of that – the things Ivan is not doing, you’re slowly turning it inside and internalizing it as your', 'base_result': 'It sounds like you\'re experiencing a lot of pressure and uncertainty right now, Ramona.  You\'re grappling with feelings of inadequacy stemming from childhood experiences, and those feelings are now impacting your current relationships and career aspirations. That must be incredibly overwhelming.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically feels "scary" to you in this situation?  What aspects of your current anxieties are most prominent at the moment?\n\nYou mentioned feeling like you\'re "losing everything" and comparing yourself to your overachieving boss.  Can you expand on that feeling? What makes you feel like you haven\'t accomplished enough?  What would "accomplishing enough" look like to you?\n\nIt also seems that your concerns about Ivan\'s career path are intertwining with your own anxieties. You mentioned that his contentment with his current situation makes it harder for you to feel okay about your own progress.  Can you describe the connection between your feelings about your own life and your feelings about Ivan\'s? What are your hopes and concerns for his future?  What would need to happen for you both to feel content in your respective situations?\n\nFinally, you mentioned feeling "stuck" from childhood.  What specific steps, if any, have you considered taking to address these feelings?  What support systems might be helpful as you navigate these complex emotions and uncertainties?  I want to help you explore these feelings and find ways to address them that feel right for you.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'It’ s an interesting question. I guess I’m wondering if you’re – I don’ t know how to say this without sounding kind of a jerk, but I also don’ t want to . If I’m honest, it is a bit of a surprise to me when you say something like that. There is a part of me that wonders, when you’re describing it, if you’re thinking you’re telling me something that you think I’m going to be really surprised by or that I will see as a totally new piece of the puzzle that I haven’ t seen before. And I’m not thinking this in a way to be mean. It’ s not like I’m thinking this is going to be a shocking piece of information that I’m going to see as totally undermining. It’ s an idea. It may not be true. I don’ t know . It’ s not really the way it’ s struck me. And maybe there is something I’m missing, but I’m also wondering if, in a way , you’re also not that surprised by it yourself.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s a part of what you want to hear . You would also like to hear him say , “And I’m also going to be working on my career .”" patient: "I said, “Ivan, be careful because I think there could be a lot of very legitimate reasons to put of f a job search or put of f even building your resume outside of this now .” Just like that, he’ s been at Subway for a year and he never intended to stay that long. I said, “Just be careful because I think by that reasoning, you could go a few more years, which wouldn’ t be the end of the world, but at some point if you do want to apply for something different or you do want to go back to school, they might wonder why , if you’re really passionate about this, you’ve been working in the food and beverage industry .”" mental health assistant: "And not just for his future prospects, also be careful because this impacts the marriage." patient: "And it’ s getting to be  kind of a touchy point when we go for groceries and we’re trying to take turns buying groceries every other week because now our accounts are separate and he gets really aggressive. The other day , he literally pushed me out of the way like, “No, I’m paying for this.” I feel horrible because I’m sure he feels kind of emasculated. I’m sure he feels like he’ s got to prove something. But then I figure, “Ivan, if you pay for this, can you make a loan payment this month? Will you have enough to pay Dr . Bourd? You have to think about that.” And he’ s like, “W ell, I won’ t, but . . .” And it’ s just hard because it’ s uncomfortable for both of us. It’ s really uncomfortable for both of us right now that I earn . . . It’ s just uncomfortable." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think this is a layer of what’ s getting presented in your dream about “am I stuck down here with my embarrassing family?” With Ivan, with the things that embarrass you about him, while these sur geons are upstairs in their meeting – this division of worlds somehow . Then alternatively , “If I choose to stay , what does that say about me? Am I not that great or not that lovable?” That comes up in your other dreams, too. And I’m not saying from that that that is exactly what it means, that Ivan is actually just like your family , but I think that it’s a lot that gets stirred for you about fearing the same thing is happening; you’re going to be stuck inside this embarrassing house and not be able to feel proud and like you want to make Ivan publicly known and that he’ s someone that you feel good about. And that then you, yourself, is someone you can feel good about.', 'base_result': "That sounds incredibly challenging.  It seems like you're navigating a lot of complex emotions and concerns right now.  Let's explore this further.\n\nYou mentioned feeling uncomfortable about the financial dynamic in your relationship and Ivan's behavior around grocery shopping.  Can you tell me more about what specifically makes you feel uncomfortable?  What are your thoughts and feelings when he gets aggressive about paying?\n\nYou also mentioned feeling like Ivan might feel emasculated.  That's a very insightful observation.  It sounds like you’re trying to be understanding and empathetic towards him, which is admirable.  However, his behavior is still impacting you.  What specifically makes his behavior feel like a touchy point or a problem for you beyond the financial aspect?\n\nYou're right, it's understandable that he might feel pressure, given his current job situation.   You expressed concern about his lack of career progression.  Can you tell me more about how this situation is impacting your overall relationship? What are some of the ways you've both tried to address it so far, and what hasn't worked?\n\nFinally, you're clearly trying to balance your concern for Ivan's well-being with your own needs.  That's a delicate balancing act.  It sounds like you’re carrying a lot of weight, and that’s completely valid.  What support systems do you have in place, or what kind of support might be helpful for you right now?  What would make this situation feel a little less heavy for you?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah, it’s a lot of money . Even when you guys are both employed, you’re going to be an asymetrical couple. He’ s not going to be making as much as you, I don’ t think. Maybe at some point he could. It’ s just not going to be symmetrical. It’ s just not going to be. And I think he’ s a little less sure of himself because of this. It’ s hard. I imagine you guys are going to have to talk about it a lot.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I really have to wonder how much, when you bring that up about other people, how much is simply you pulling back inside yourself that these are your own harsh judgments." patient: "To some extent it is, but then there are times . . . And, again, I think I personalize it to a certain extent. There is a girl I work with who is fresh out of college. She is younger than me by three years.  Not much younger , but it feels like a lot younger . It feels like we’re in a much dif ferent place. She dates and whatever , but she was like, “Oh, I assume people got married young because they wanted to have babies right away .” And I was so humiliated and embarrassed and pictured myself  in like a little House on the Prairie type of scenario, like that’ s all I would ever do with my life because I got married young and I was just so ashamed." mental health assistant: "You could hear her comment as a positive thing, not as really a negative thing. You immediately take it negatively ." patient: "It sounded judgmental. I don’ t know . Or like my really great, close friend from grad school. She and her boyfriend lived together and he actually proposed a few years ago. She would have been roughly our age, I guess; like when we got married, roughly around there when he proposed. Her parents did not approve. They still don’t approve of him. They don’ t like him. He treats her great, so I don’ t know why . The point is that at one point he made a comment and it was not, I think, meant to be how it felt, but he was like, “Crazy kids, getting married young.”  He just said something like that and he was like, “No of fense, Ramona.” I just felt so judged and I felt kind of angry because they kind of have the same lifestyle that we do; we’re just married. So I think some of it is personal, as I said, but sometimes it also feels . . ." ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s not to say that there aren’ t going to be people out there who, for whatever reason inside themselves, have a judgment of that; but there are just as many people . . . I know people who have gone through medical school, have their career trajectory , and sit in a tremendous amount of regret because they are now past the age of having children or it’ s going to be difficult to have children. They haven’ t even found a relationship and really , really regret the way that they did things and could feel envious of you or envious – look at people with their own projections of “I wish I had done it that way .”', 'base_result': 'So, you\'re feeling judged and humiliated by these comments, even though some of that might stem from your own internal self-criticism.  That makes sense; it can be really painful to feel like your life choices are being negatively evaluated, especially by people you care about or work with.\n\nYou mentioned feeling like you\'re in a "different place" than your younger coworker. Can you tell me more about what that feels like? What aspects of your lives are different, and how does that difference contribute to your feelings of shame and humiliation when she makes that comment about early marriage?\n\nAnd with your friend\'s boyfriend\'s comment – even though he said "no offense" –  it clearly felt offensive to you.  Can you explore what specifically made it feel so judgmental?  What was it about the comment itself, and the context it was said in, that triggered such a strong emotional response? Was it the way it was phrased, the tone, or something else entirely? It sounds like there\'s a lot beneath the surface there, and I want to understand your experience fully.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'There is an element of that, I think. Certainly if your friend, with the intent or not, makes a comment like that, it can jab you with a critical parent voice. That’s the element I think you’re saying is true. But I think there is more than that. [00:1 1:28]'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s not to say that there aren’ t going to be people out there who, for whatever reason inside themselves, have a judgment of that; but there are just as many people . . . I know people who have gone through medical school, have their career trajectory , and sit in a tremendous amount of regret because they are now past the age of having children or it’ s going to be difficult to have children. They haven’ t even found a relationship and really , really regret the way that they did things and could feel envious of you or envious – look at people with their own projections of “I wish I had done it that way .”" patient: "That’ s kind of the sad thing that bugged me about that comment because I felt like it maybe was a kind of sour grapes type of comment because he obviously did want to marry her , and now he doesn’ t because her" mental health assistant: "Totally ." patient: "But then sometimes I think about it and I’m like, “But maybe they’re smart because after what Ivan did, if we were Kevin and Helen, maybe I would have left because all it would mean was moving and you broke up with your boyfriend.” Not to diminish that that can be devastating, but it’ s different from getting a divorce. So sometimes I just feel like I’m too young. My gosh, I’m 25 and I’m going to couple’ s counselling with my husband. That’ s crazy . I bet nobody who is 25 goes to couple’ s counselling. That’ s how it feels, like I’m too young to have those problems." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think that’ s the heart of the matter . You are struggling, in a way , looking at the dissidence and wondering if you regret them. Is there something you wish you had done dif ferently? And I think the more, Ramona – you know we used to talk about how you could externalize one half of a debate and then hold the pole to argue against the other half and part of reincorporating both sides because they actually are both yours? It’ s not that they aren’ t out there, too. People could judge you for getting married young. People can and will judge people for getting married too old. People judge people for marrying the wrong person. You could find anyone who is going to have any judgment on any decision you make. Good for them. People have transferences. It’ s not saying that their judgments will be great. Here, this example of your friend is a good example. He is judging based on his own history of rejection. That’ s why he’ s judging.  That’ s the root of it. His judgment has nothing to do with you, even though he’ s making it, in his mind, have something to do with you. It has nothing to do with you. What does have to do with you is what you think. Do you know what I mean? There are just as many people who get married at 23 who feel like they made a great decision and feel comfortable with it or have some regret, but some feeling of “thank goodness I did.” Or are totally regretful and get divorced. I think you’re just trying to find what your experience is, what your feelings are about it, whether you regret it.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling a bit conflicted about that comment, and also about your current situation with your husband.  You\'re picking up on a potential "sour grapes" element in the comment, and that\'s a valid observation.  It sounds like you\'re processing a lot of complex emotions.\n\nCan you tell me more about why you feel that the comment was "sour grapes"?  What specifically made you interpret it that way?\n\nAnd you mentioned feeling too young to be in couples counseling. That\'s a completely understandable feeling.  It\'s common to have expectations about certain life stages and when certain things "should" happen.  It sounds like this reality is clashing with your own experience. What specifically makes you feel “too young” for this? Is it the societal pressure, the personal expectation, or something else entirely?\n\nFinally, you mentioned the comparison between your situation and Kevin and Helen\'s.  It seems you\'re weighing the potential difficulties of your relationship with the difficulties of a long-term commitment that might have ended in divorce. Can you explore that a little more? What are the specific things that make you question whether you\'re making the right decision by staying in the relationship, versus leaving it? What are the potential downsides you see to both options?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'There are a lot of things. One of them is you are so young and it can be hard to tell what’ s fantasy and what’ s reality about what you really want and what’ s a projection from your dad, for example, and do you really want her and if you don’ t what does that mean? It takes time to figure out where the line is there. It’ s both in you and in him and to get to know each other .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "That it may have actually been a kind of symptom, in a way , to get married so ur gently , of your being so driven forward." patient: "Right. It’ s like the next thing that I have to keep accomplishing." mental health assistant: "The next goal, then the next goal. A marriage can be a kind of “okay , check that of f. Did that. Planned the wedding. Had the wedding.”  It’ s not a calm, content place for it to come from." patient: "Sometimes I’m scared because we’re young now and I just worried that people change. So far , I’ve seen some really not-good changes in Ivan, but I’ve also seen some really amazing changes in him that I didn’ t think were possible at a certain time; and I feel really good about that. But for whatever reason, the depressive thinking, I worry , “What if he doesn’ t stop working at Subway? What if he never writes a note? Is that really okay?” even if I say , “I understand; it’ s just a note.” It really bothers me." ', 'therapist_result': 'I think you’re feeling disappointed and scared. What if this disappointment stays? What if this part of him doesn’ t change, even though there is a lot that’ s been changing? You have often talked about what if you’re here and he’ s been here in development and he does a lot that catches him up, but he’ s still here. What is enough that’ s good enough for you to feel that this is worth keeping? And what is not enough?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling a lot of conflicting emotions about your marriage and your husband, Ivan.  You\'ve seen positive changes in him, which is wonderful, but you\'re also grappling with anxieties about his future, specifically concerning his job at Subway and his writing.  It sounds like these worries are causing you significant distress, even though you intellectually understand that things like writing a note might seem small.\n\nCan you tell me more about what specifically makes the thought of him not progressing in those areas so upsetting?  What are you afraid might happen if he doesn\'t write more or leave Subway? What does that say to you about your relationship or your future together?\n\nAnd it sounds like this fear is tied to your general experience of always needing the "next goal," as you put it. How does that feeling of needing to constantly accomplish things connect to your anxieties about Ivan and your marriage? Is it possible that this need for achievement is contributing to your worry about his progress?\n\nIt’s completely understandable to feel scared when thinking about the future, especially the possibility of change, good or bad, in a significant relationship. You’re acknowledging both the positive and negative changes in Ivan, which is a great first step.  It’s also brave of you to share these worries.  Let’s explore these feelings together and see if we can find some ways to manage them.  What comes to mind when you think about how you might approach these anxieties in a healthier way?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I can see that as a kind of residual symptom, too, of your compulsive style. “What if it doesn’ t happen? What if I’m left high and dry?”  You’ve often felt left high and dry; I can see how reassuring it must be, with a part of you, to actually be in a situation where you’re abandoned, and you sort of feel that way now , because it’ s safe. At least you know what to expect. I know that sounds odd.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Of course. That’ s not personal." patient: "Right. And to me, in my mind we do need to check things of f the list that we’ve talked about it. We move forward; we resolve; Ivan does move into the bed again. We eventually have sex again." mental health assistant: "She may have just been responding – I had communicated that you had been having some pretty intense anxiety and, I think, PTSD-like symptoms. I think I called it that in a communication to her , but I didn’ t say that I felt that that meant that you shouldn’ t keep doing it.  It sounds like she’ s worried that you may be kind of masochistically putting yourself back there too early or something. I don’ t have a strong opinion about whether that’ s what’ s happening or not. I think you’re experimenting and you would like it to work. And I think if you feel, Ramona, like “it is working for us and I want to try it again,” you should be able to say that to her." patient: "I just worry that if I don’ t try – I’m going to be scared, but if I don’ t try, I’m still going to be scared. It’s just that at some point, it has to happen." ', 'therapist_result': 'And there is as much fear of it actually going well and becoming more intimate or romantically involved is just as scary as not, is what you were just saying. They are both sides of what if you both move forward in your developments together?  Who are you, then, as a couple? You’ve known this for a while. What happens when that changes? It’ s a dif ferent level of intimacy .  You know your own feelings about am I good enough? Will he love this person? Will he hurt me? Will he be attracted to me? All the dif ferent kinds of anxiety about getting closer to someone.', 'base_result': "Okay, Ramona, I hear you saying you're caught in a difficult place.  It sounds like you're feeling a lot of pressure, regardless of whether you try to move forward with intimacy with Ivan or not.  Can you tell me more about that fear – what specifically are you scared *of*?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'And if you try and it doesn’ t work –  If you blow a tire on the way to the store, does that mean you blow a tire every time you drive? Not necessarily . If something really bad happens when you’re at the store, does that mean something bad happens every time you go to the store?  No. But I understand that just not going isn’ t going to make the fear go away either .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s so interesting. It’ s so important, like it almost feels like it’ s a part of you that isn’ t the age you are. You’re talking about “did I get married too young?” I don’ t feel like I’m ready for this yet." patient: "Yeah, it’ s like a little girl at her mom’ s heels.  That’ s kind of the image I get." mental health assistant: "And that place is not going to feel very good." patient: "That, I know , is bizarre because I feel that having sex at 25, people don’ t consider that too young. No" ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. I mean, for get other people, whether they think it’ s normal or not.  There is something you’re noticing about how that range of your self-experience doesn’ t feel your age. When you say it, I’m curious how your little girl feels the subject, even the pre-teen sense of yourself.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re feeling like there\'s a disconnect between your current experience of marriage and the feeling of being a much younger, more dependent self.  You used the image of a little girl at her mother\'s heels, and that feels unsettling.  And yet, you also acknowledge that having sex at 25 isn\'t generally considered "too young."  That creates a bit of a conflict, doesn\'t it?  Can you tell me more about what makes that feel bizarre or conflicting for you? What specifically feels out of sync?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Okay , I think we’re on the same page. Here’ s what I think it is, but I want to be very clear , I don’ t think I get to decide. You are the one who is experiencing this.  What you said was, “I was 25. I was at a place where I didn’ t feel very good about it." But what I heard was, “I’m so ashamed and disgusted with myself and I’m totally alienated from that part of myself that is that little girl at her mother’ s heels." So if I get to keep talking about it, I think what you’re talking about is a place of such unconditionality , which you feel so very strongly at that age, if you’re not at that place yet, you feel it so very strongly when you’re there and you get there a lot, that it feels like it can’ t be shaken. It’ s the most unconditioned way you relate to another person that can just be so destabilizing and you can’ t control it. You’re not at that place with David.  He’ s at a different place. It’ s dif ferent for him and it’ s not always that place and sometimes it’ s really hard, but I don’ t think it’ s every like, whoa and the world is shaken if you’re a little bit here.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yeah. I mean, for get other people, whether they think it’ s normal or not.  There is something you’re noticing about how that range of your self-experience doesn’ t feel your age. When you say it, I’m curious how your little girl feels the subject, even the pre-teen sense of yourself." patient: "Which is bizarre, because in other areas I think I have pretty high expectations or am pretty rigid." mental health assistant: "And sort of a precociously mature sense of competence and self, almost too adult, before you were even adult." patient: "And that that’ s almost the expectation, the standard, not something extraordinary ." ', 'therapist_result': 'There are ways, Ramona – we have to stop – but so much of you lived in a kind of anxiety and a hyper -competence, hyper -independence, hyper -taking care of things, hyper -adult-like state.  One of the things that happens when that has to happen in a family because things are not getting taken care of by parents is that other parts of you can remain underdeveloped. Because the other parts had to so overdevelop, that takes up a lot of psychic space. So this other part, where it’ s more about a relaxed bodily enjoyment, a physical enjoyment, pleasure, relaxed pleasure – there was no room for that as a kid. I don’ t mean sexual, but I mean the kind of subtler , quieter versions of that being on a continuum of experience. There was no room for that, so it makes some sense that this would be an underdeveloped area. Maybe it would be helpful for me to just drop a clarifying line to Dr . Farrow and say I don’ t think your only experience with this is just something to say where you’re coming from now , but maybe it’ s something that would help if Ivan would talk about it and talk to each other more.', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re saying you feel a disconnect between certain aspects of yourself.  You describe feeling a precocious maturity in some areas, almost to the point where it\'s the expected norm for you, yet simultaneously experiencing a sense of self that feels much younger, even childlike, which you find bizarre because of the contrast.  Is that a fair summary?\n\nWhat aspects of your life or personality feel overly mature or rigid, and how does that contrast with the parts that feel much younger?  Can you give me some specific examples?\n\nAnd when you say it feels "bizarre," what exactly is so unsettling or surprising about this discrepancy?  What emotions are you feeling in relation to this internal conflict?  We\'ve talked about the cognitive aspect; let\'s delve a little deeper into the emotional experience.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'And so there’ s something in the ordinary adolescent, two-day s before your birthday and not feeling like you’ve yet turned the corner into a very dif ferent stage of life. There is something about the ordinary hormonal, neurological changes that is missing.  Or if present, is very dif ferent.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Never ending winter . How are things?" patient: "I guess okay ." mental health assistant: "You always hesitate to get started." patient: "I’m not sure where to start. It’ s a broad question." ', 'therapist_result': 'I know , in a way , it may seem like an aside that it’ s hard to start and then once you get into it, you get into it; but I was thinking about it last week, actually , that there may be some small layer in here starting or we need to start that has to do with whether or not you can have what you would want and have your experience and come in and get to be yourself and just take that space for yourself with wherever you are.  Do you know what I mean? That, I think, plays out with Ivan a little bit; like do you have the right to just have what you need and want to be really important and front and center all the time, instead of quietly waiting, waiting, waiting to see if he will do it and then letting it out or it explodes later . Not more but . . . I wonder what it is like for you, for example, just to come in and start.', 'base_result': 'Okay, I understand.  "I\'m not sure where to start. It\'s a broad question" is a completely valid feeling.  It can be overwhelming when faced with a big question like "How are things?" when you\'re feeling down.\n\nInstead of trying to summarize everything at once, let\'s break it down.  What\'s one thing, even a small thing, that\'s been on your mind lately?  It doesn\'t have to be the biggest problem, just something that\'s been occupying your thoughts.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I’m not going to be the one to narrow it down , it’s your life. It’ s your experience. I guess I’m wondering what’s going on in your life right now . We can start with now , and then I’m happy to talk about yesterday , or last month, or ten years ago. But what’ s going on now? You say “I guess okay ,”  but I’m not sure I believe you.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So for both of you listening to her?" patient: "Yeah. Individually . Sometimes that’ s hard. It’ s not like we don’ t want to give space to whatever legitimately is not going well, but sometimes it’ s nice to talk about what’ s going on with the other person; what’ s going on with you.  And it’ s nice even if things aren’ t going great to not have a really negative conversation. If it’ s something really serious that’ s one thing. So sometimes I feel a little bit guilty about that and I don’ t want to come of f as depressed or negative or a Debbie downer ." mental health assistant: "Even here." patient: "Which is bizarre because, clearly , I’m seeing you because I have depression anxiety , although sometimes I worry I also give you the wrong impression because, obviously , my focus in here is that portion and so you might not hear about all the positives unless I’m really cognizant of it because that’ s not a problem. I’m" ', 'therapist_result': 'It does make sense. I think there are ways, then, that you and your sister – sometimes she shares this, too – but you’re talking about a kind of identification with your mother , in a way , meaning that there is a fear of ever being like her in that respect.  So what may happen is that you guard so much against that that it becomes hard to just be yourself. Your mother complained and vented and was negative so much that you never had the experience of just getting to be natural and spontaneous wherever you are. Do you know what I mean?', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling a bit conflicted about sharing your experiences, especially the positive ones. You're concerned about potentially overshadowing the serious issues you're addressing in therapy, like your depression and anxiety,  and also about potentially burdening others with negativity.  Is that a fair summary of what you're feeling?\n\nAnd it sounds like you're experiencing a similar conflict in your relationships with the other people you mentioned. You want to support them and acknowledge their struggles, but you also crave that connection and positive interaction.  Can you tell me more about how this feels – what are some of the specific emotions that come up when you're navigating this tension?  \n\nIt's understandable to feel guilty about wanting to share positive things, or about not wanting to constantly focus on negative aspects of your life, especially in a therapeutic setting.  It sounds like you're very self-aware and conscientious of the impact you have on others.  What are some of your thoughts about how to best balance sharing both the positive and the challenging parts of your life, both in your relationships and in our sessions here?  \n", 'finetuned_result': 'That’ s part of what we do here. I mean, there are some times that I’ll say , “Wait, hold on a minute. What’ s the rest of the story here?” because sometimes you get rolling with some idea.  And I’m not saying this is all of you, but it’ s part of what’ s going on. It sounds like it’ s important to hear that there are a lot of people who are, at least in some way , quite supportive.  As though it can be difficult to grasp that and so you might need to hear it and then you start to feel a little guilty that you’ve got to hear it and then you start to feel better because you’ve heard it.  But I think there’ s also a part of you, particularly with Bob, where it’ s a bit of a struggle. It’ s a little bit ambiguous whether it’ s because he’ s not quite as supportive as you’d like him to be or because it’ s something in your history that makes it difficult to quite grasp that much support.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yes, exactly ." patient: "And I just don’ t want to be like that. As bizarre as it sounds – and it’ s not a reflection on you, it’ s really me – sometimes I have thought obviously I’m dealing with depression and anxiety , I feel bad that you start your Monday morning like that. And clearly you went into this profession because you’re very good at handling it. You’re capable. It’ s not any doubt of that, but I feel bad burdening or starting of f the week, you know?" mental health assistant: "It’s really an identification. It’ s as though you’re making me feel what you felt as a child. Do you know what I mean?" patient: "I never thought of it that way ." ', 'therapist_result': 'In other words, you could be the mother coming in and venting and spewing and negative and I could be feeling like . . . Again, I know this is not a conscious thought, but the quiet fantasy is that you almost need to protect me the way you were not protected.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying you feel bad about potentially burdening me with your feelings, especially at the start of the week. You recognize that I'm equipped to handle these conversations, and yet you still feel a sense of guilt or responsibility for my time and emotional energy.  That makes a lot of sense.  It sounds like there's a layer of self-blame involved.  Can you tell me more about where that feeling of guilt is coming from?  What specifically makes you feel like you’re burdening me?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'So what you’re saying – and I think this is important, and what I want to stress here – is that the way we are right now , with you knowing I’m going to say , “Hey , how was your weekend?” and you saying, “Yeah, it was fine,” and me saying, “What happened to it?” and, “I don’ t want to be a burden.” That conversation, that process is how you learned to manage or cope with exactly what you’re talking about.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s really an identification. It’ s as though you’re making me feel what you felt as a child. Do you know what I mean?" patient: "I never thought of it that way ." mental health assistant: "In other words, you could be the mother coming in and venting and spewing and negative and I could be feeling like . . . Again, I know this is not a conscious thought, but the quiet fantasy is that you almost need to protect me the way you were not protected." patient: "I think it’ s hard to figure out as a normal boundary . Even with my sister sometimes, if she has a really bad day , sometimes she won’ t tell me at all because she’ s worried that I will worry about her; that I’ll call her the next day and be like, “How are you doing?” so she won’ t tell me or she’ll be like, “Come hang out with me” and she’ll de-stress that way . But she won’ t tell me that anything is going on. More or less lately in the past few months I’ve started to do that somewhat with her , especially since telling her about what happened with Ivan, that that weighs so heavily on her and she was so worked up and she was so worried about me. She was really intensely feeling so much pain, so sometimes I’ve tried to be like, “No, nothing is going on. I’m fine.” She gets worried and worked up because she’s like, “I don’ t know if you’re telling the truth. How do I know you won’ t tell me if something . . . But you’ll tell me if something is really wrong?”  So it’ s hard to figure out that boundary and I’m sure it’ s different with a sibling than it is even with a friend." ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s different with a sibling, sure, and yet, you both have this history now that you share where there has been a kind of sharing from someone you love that was too much, that pulled you both into a kind of caretaking role of your mother , setting yourselves aside and taking care of her. In other words, then there is a risk that you could do that with each other , too. Like if she tells you’re having a bad day , you could set yourself really aside and be worried about her and taking care of her and ask how she’ s doing; and then she could do the same thing towards you because you haven’ t had the histories to be the kid who has had a really bad day . And maybe mom sometimes has had a bad day because parents are humans, right? But to have an experience where mom says, “I had a really lousy day . I’m so sorry I’m in a bad mood. It has nothing to do with you. Tell me about your day.”  And trying their best to kind of set that aside so you don’ t have to worry so much about mom’ s subjectivity . You can kind of take it for granted that you know when she has a bad day , she’ s still going to be mom. That didn’ t happen for either one of you. You had to get really worried and preoccupied with her mind and kind of set yourselves aside. So I think there is the risk of doing that with each other and that’ s more of what lives and also not feel like it’ s our job to be overly worried and concerned? You’re going to both be okay , too. You don’ t have to be as worried as you were as children.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you've noticed a pattern of avoiding sharing your struggles, especially with your sister, stemming in part from her intense reaction to your experience with Ivan.  It sounds like you're both navigating tricky territory when it comes to supporting each other without overwhelming each other.  That makes perfect sense. It's a really complex relationship dynamic.\n\nCan you tell me more about what it feels like *for you* when you try to hide your feelings?  What are the specific emotions you're experiencing in those moments?\n\nAnd, thinking about your relationship with your sister, what are some of the things that make it difficult to set those boundaries? Is it fear of her reaction, or something else?  What would a healthy boundary look like to you in that relationship – what would it feel like to express your feelings without feeling the need to hide them?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I’m thinking that may be one reason that you say you don’ t have any hobbies.  The implication is that you can’ t or you won’ t do something that is just for you. If it’ s just for me, I must be a little selfish, right? I’m not doing it for the family , to help the family .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You have?" patient: "Oh, a lot. And she definitely won’ t, unless it’ s really af fecting her physically , she won’ t tell my parents – especially my mom. She doesn’ t want to be judged. She doesn’ t want to be criticized.  And I think she feels like there is not a lot of space for it which, sadly , I think is often true. I know she does this, too, I’ll even try to protect her in a second-hand type of way . This past week I did get upset. I was planning to talk to you about this anyway because I was on the phone with my mom. That’ s fine, but at one point she brought into the conversation how my dad for got their very first anniversary and every year she tells me how he for got or there was a year when I reminded him like, “Oh, that’ s coming up, isn’ t it?” or “I can’ t remember , is it the second or the fourth of March? I can never remember .” And she yelled at me that I mentioned it beforehand, that it was like a reminder to him, even though that wasn’ t my intent to save him. It just gets really uncomfortable. It’ s not my business and I could never even ask them how their anniversary was. [00:1 1:03] I could never even call them and wish them happy anniversary because that would start a huge fight. I feel uncomfortable sometimes if my dad does stuf f for Emma and I. Like he sent us both flowers for Valentine’ s Day . It doesn’ t matter , but the company he used has a lot of missed deliveries around the weather , so I was like, “Dad’ s really bummed because they didn’ t get her .” That was so sweet and thoughtful.” She was like, “Mine didn’ t get here either .” I was like, “Oh, I’m sorry to hear that.” She was like, “That’ s because he didn’ t send me any . He wouldn’ t send me any flowers.” I’m like, “I’m really sorry .” Of course I’m sad that he didn’ t. It sounds like he maybe didn’ t get her flowers and I’m sad about that, but I don’ t want to feel guilty or like she’s jealous." mental health assistant: "It’s [vicious] ? towards you." patient: "I don’ t think she means it that way . I think she is hurt and it comes out that . . . I don’ t know what the goal is." ', 'therapist_result': 'Ramona, it’ s as though you don’ t exist as her daughter in that space. She’ s so caught up in her own mind venting, spewing, angry . She’ s not thinking about what this is like for you to hear or whether it will hurt you or whether it is good for you.', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're carrying a lot right now, and it's understandable that you're feeling uncomfortable and even a little guilty.  You're caught in the middle of your parents' relationship, and it’s putting you in a difficult position.\n\nLet's unpack this a bit. You mentioned your sister doesn't share her feelings with your parents, especially your mom, out of fear of judgment and criticism. Can you tell me more about what you think she's afraid of specifically? What kind of judgments or criticisms do you think she anticipates?\n\nAnd you're observing a lot of tension and seemingly unresolved issues between your parents, particularly surrounding their anniversary.  You feel caught in the crossfire,  and the incident with the Valentine's Day flowers highlights this. It seems like you're trying your best to be supportive of both your parents and your sister, but it's leading to some difficult emotions for you.  That's completely understandable.  Feeling guilty in these situations is a common response.\n\nYou mentioned feeling uncomfortable even wishing your parents a happy anniversary. That’s a significant feeling.  What makes that interaction so difficult for you to anticipate?  What are you afraid might happen?\n\nIt sounds like you are very empathetic and concerned about your family members. You're trying to protect your sister and navigate a complicated family dynamic.  It takes a lot of emotional energy to do that.  What helps you cope with these intense emotions when you experience them?  And what would it look like for you to establish some healthier boundaries in these family interactions?  There is no right or wrong answer here, just exploring what might feel more supportive for you.\n", 'finetuned_result': '[00:12:13]  You can tell me what you mean, but I think you’re more comfortable with being hurt. I think it’s easier for you to be hurt and complain to me or to your mother than it is to say , for example, “You know , I was a little worried about you when I heard about the anniversary . I was worried about you guys. How are you doing? How are things with you?”'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s [vicious] ? towards you." patient: "I don’ t think she means it that way . I think she is hurt and it comes out that . . . I don’ t know what the goal is." mental health assistant: "Ramona, it’ s as though you don’ t exist as her daughter in that space. She’ s so caught up in her own mind venting, spewing, angry . She’ s not thinking about what this is like for you to hear or whether it will hurt you or whether it is good for you." patient: "No, I don’ t think so. And since she lost her mom, which is still very much at the forefront of her mind, I think it might have been that conversation “and my mom makes it this way .” We were talking about a recipe and I didn’ t correct her , but it’ s just really hard for her to accept and it’ s been years. We all miss all of our grandparents. All of our grandparents have passed away . She would talk with her regularly and she was very important to her and I think, because there was so much role reversal with us growing up, it just never got corrected or adjusted.  It never got acknowledged that we should share in ways that our parents shouldn’ t with us because they’re our parents, not our adult equals, if that makes any sense. Even if we’re all adults now , it doesn’ t mean that we should be privy to everything." ', 'therapist_result': 'That’ s the part that also, just to say to you, has a layer of aggression that may be completely unconscious for her , but it’ s beyond just oversharing. In other words, she could have said to you, “W ow, my feelings are so hurt because dad didn’ t buy me flowers.” But there is a way she says it that’ s really aggressive. something really cruel about it towards him and, unconsciously , towards you and towards Emma that I think is harder to grasp, in a way .  It’ s as though she’ s quietly destroying your getting flowers.', 'base_result': 'Okay, Ramona, that\'s a lot to unpack, and it sounds incredibly difficult.  You\'ve shared some really insightful observations about your relationship with your mother, particularly since her mother\'s passing.  It sounds like you\'re recognizing some complex dynamics at play here.\n\nTo help me understand better, can you tell me more about what specifically feels "really hard" for her to accept regarding the recipe?  What was it about the conversation that felt so upsetting?  \n\nAnd you mentioned the role reversal in your upbringing.  Can you expand on that a bit? What aspects of your relationship felt like you were more on an equal footing than a parent-child relationship, and how did that impact your current dynamic?\n\nFinally, you said it "never got corrected or adjusted."  What would a corrected or adjusted dynamic look like to you? What kind of changes or conversations do you think would be helpful in addressing this?  There\'s no right or wrong answer here – just exploring what feels right for *you*.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'What I was thinking is that when she vents like that, she’ s not thinking about you in the same way that you are thinking about her . You know that it’ s hard for her and that she’ s upset and that you do think about what it’ s like for her , but she’ s so caught up in what she’ s thinking and feeling, she doesn’ t think about that. It’ s just sort of coming out at you.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "That’ s the part that also, just to say to you, has a layer of aggression that may be completely unconscious for her , but it’ s beyond just oversharing. In other words, she could have said to you, “W ow, my feelings are so hurt because dad didn’ t buy me flowers.” But there is a way she says it that’ s really aggressive. something really cruel about it towards him and, unconsciously , towards you and towards Emma that I think is harder to grasp, in a way .  It’ s as though she’ s quietly destroying your getting flowers." patient: "Which is bizarre, because if there is one thing they’ve always both said, like the only thing they’ve always agreed on, is how much they love us and they’re so grateful; but it almost is. My dad would never say anything if my mom did something like that for Emma and I and then didn’ t do it for him. He’ s also very different. I don’ t think she necessarily thinks about it or realizes it like “boy , she’ s going to feel horrible if I say something like ‘my flowers didn’ t get here either ’ because he would never send me any .” I have seen him give her flowers over the years. It’ s not like  . . . And it’ s not completely fair to make it equal." mental health assistant: "No, it’ s not." patient: "To my knowledge, she barely sees him, barely speaks to him, sleeps in my room, has made my room her bedroom." ', 'therapist_result': 'She can have separate feelings about being extremely mad at her husband or unhappy with her husband or hurt; and that would have nothing to do with your getting flowers. In other words, it doesn’ t feel like she could still be simultaneously thrilled that her husband, your dad, bought you flowers. Do you know what I mean? It’ s as though that can’ t be good, then, if he didn’ t get them for me.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're feeling confused and frustrated by your mom's behavior, especially concerning the flower situation and her general actions towards your father and you.  It sounds like a complex situation.\n\nLet's unpack this a bit. You mentioned your parents’ professed love and gratitude for you and your sister.  That’s important.  Can you tell me more about what that love and gratitude looks like in their actions, specifically towards you and your sister?  How do you experience that love from them?\n\nYou also said your mom’s comments about the flowers feel aggressive, even though she likely doesn't intend it that way.  That must be incredibly confusing and hurtful. Can you describe how exactly her words made you feel? What specific words or tone triggered that feeling of aggression?\n\nYou pointed out the unfairness of comparing situations, and that your dad wouldn't react the same way.  That’s a valid observation. What makes you think your father would react differently?  And what does it tell you about the dynamics between your parents, and how that might impact you and your sister?\n\nFinally, you mentioned your mom sleeping in your room and essentially making it her bedroom. How does that make you feel?  Does it impact your sense of space, privacy, or comfort?  Is there a way that impacts your relationship with her, outside of the flowers?\n\nIt sounds like you’re doing your best to understand a complicated family situation, and you're recognizing some important patterns. Taking the time to explore these feelings and observations is a really important step.  Let's continue to explore this together.  What other thoughts or feelings are you experiencing regarding this situation?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'But it seems to me that if you’re describing a way she’ s aggressively and at the same time dysfunctionally , emotionally , destroying the relationship, destroying the situation, destroying the possibilities that then is a way that she’ s quite in it with your father as well, but they do it towards each other . And that may not, by the way , be all that she’ s capable of. It may be that, most of the time, she picks up and she’ s more constructive, but I think it is a way that you describe it that is very much the same as what you described with the situation with her and with Emma and that I think it also points to a way that they do it towards each other that is destructive in its own way .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Only to you. Only to the most inappropriate person to which to bash him." patient: "I never know what to do in that situation because I have, like I said, said “please leave me out of it” or “I’m really sorry it happened.”  And it never changes, so there is not much to do except to accept that, if I’m going to call her , I have to be prepared that that can happen and to not react to it. So I didn’ t get worked up and say , “I’m going to call dad and be like why didn’ t he . . ?” anymore. There was a time when I would which I think, to an extent, is what she wanted. They would use us, kind of, to get to the other . That’ s the most I can do." mental health assistant: "It makes sense then, Ramona, that it’ s hard for you at some level deep inside you that that is not now it feels to me being with you." patient: "Oh, no. This is your profession." ', 'therapist_result': 'I just think intellectually you know that, but the point is that where your heart lies, where the feelings lie, there is some anxiety about your taking up space then with your own mind, with your own anger , with your own frustration, your own sadness, your own depression. It could feel like it’s hurtful to the other person, the way you were hurt over and over – and still are to this day .', 'base_result': "Okay, Ramona, I understand you're saying this is my profession, and that it's my job to understand these things.  But I still want to hear more about *your* experience.  You’ve described feeling resigned to this situation, accepting that your calls to her might result in her bashing your father.  Can you tell me more about what that acceptance feels like for you? What emotions come up when you think about having to endure that?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Well to some extent this is my profession but this is also in some ways as you know I’m trying to be very helpful to you and to others but this is also at some other level a personal interaction between us and to me when you describe a situation which occurs on a regular basis in a family like this and it’ s painful and difficult to you I am also thinking this is a lot of pain and a lot of isolation and it is a shame.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "But that’ s like . . . So that can be . . . Whatever . And then she’ll go through my great aunts and uncles who are in their 80’ s and late 90’ s, very old. “They have health problems.” Of course they have health problems. It’s not that it’ s not sad, but they’re at that age and she’ll go through who is having sur gery and who is in the hospital and whose spouse is worried to death. It’ s not that I don’ t care. I do, of course. I know what it’ s like to have a conversation that’ s one-sided and really depressing; and it’s hard. It’ s hard, especially when you’re calling at the end of the week and you just want to talk about what’ s new or what’ s going on.  It’ s also hard because, for her , that is what’ s new and what’ s going on because she doesn’ t leave the house and she doesn’ t interact with people. It’ s really sad and I wish I could change it. Anyway . . ." patient: "It’s like you’re coming to terms with the fact that this is the way she’ s going to be; and I know you sort of have made terms with it for a long time when you say , “I don’ t know what else to do. There is not much else to do because I’ve said this to her and it just doesn’ t change,” that she is going to keep being her and doing what she does and doing the manipulations and the tricks and maneuvers. So the only thing left, if you can’ t get through to her , the other part of it is having you continue to protect you inside you. How are there ways that you could have a conversation that’ s really , really triggering this old stuf f and let it go, not have to become preoccupied with it.  For example, what we’re talking about with you and Emma: can you talk to each other about your days and really feel deep empathy for each other and be there for each other , as needed? But also not have it be that Emma, for example, could get so preoccupied with worry for you because she feels responsible for you somewhat – and you towards her , too – because you’re not. You’re both adults now and that actually is a remnant from your history , from your childhood for both of you of being overly responsible for the sake of another person in a way that’ s not good for you. It’ s actually not good for you that she feels overly responsible for you at this point – and you for her . It’s really good that your adult sisters. You really need each other in that way , but not adult parents to the other one.  [I think it’ s really good for you to be here and that we are able to talk about this, having you]  come in in a place where it’ s really important for you to be wherever you are, including depressed and anxious or down or furious – or good. It could include all the positive feelings and just being yourself. That’ s a kid coming home from school. It’ s hopefully not a bad day every day , but there are bad days. How do you get to be there? How do you get to be when something good happens? And just trust that it’ s really important for you to be where you are and that it’ s safe to do that. I think that’ s the “you” that’s still kind of unsure – is it okay or do I have to be preoccupied with where my mind is or something? Or do I not want to hear this today because I’m in a bad mood? Do you know what I mean?" mental health assistant: "For what it’ s worth, I have felt more able to tell Ivan how I feel in an appropriate way ." patient: "The only thing, I will say , is that we have these little conversations and we had one in which I wanted to talk with Ivan about how we can work on him feeling comfortable with confronting me and even himself in a really healthy , aboveboard way; that I’d love to hear , in an appropriate way, if he’ s super annoyed that I – whatever – fill in the blank. And I said, “What’ s something that you feel that you’d like to – what’ s an example you can think of?” And he said, “Sometimes your constructive criticism feels more critical than constructive,” and part of me just shattered inside because I felt I have been working insanely hard to be actually very constructive, very gentle, very appropriate. Even just feeling really empowered listening, like, “Thank you for telling me that you lied. I also feel really disappointed, frustrated, angry” and that being okay .  And also they’re both true. On the other hand, we talked about it a little bit and I said, “Ivan, sometimes I hear you repeating what I said or you think it’ s what I said and I hear you criticizing yourself and I don’ t know how to change that thought.” We were having dinner the other night and he put a lot of pasta on his plate, some pasta on mine with some asparagus and I was like, “Ivan, you don’ t have to just have pasta for dinner . Have some of this asparagus. I don’ t want to have to have the whole tray .” Part of me was thinking Ivan has gained a lot of weight back and, really ,  three cups of pasta is a really bad dinner for him, but I was saying it in such a way like “I don’ t have to have all of it.” Ivan was like, “W ell, you’re telling me that I shouldn’ t eat all of this pasta.” I was like, “That’ s not what I said. I think you’re critical of it and you’re saying that’ s what I’m always saying or that’s exactly how I’m phrasing it.” that So that’ s something, I guess, that we’re working on." ', 'therapist_result': 'Even if you are minorly critical. For example, if it’ s in your mind – three cups of pasta is not a healthy dinner for anyone to have. It’ s not a balanced diet and being a little bit conscious of that and concerned about him, that doesn’ t mean you’re being hostilely critical. It can’ t be that what needs to happen is that you have no criticism of anything because that’ s not being a human being.', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're navigating some complex relationship dynamics, and you're doing a commendable job of self-reflection and trying to improve communication.  Let's explore some of this.\n\nYou mentioned feeling like you're coming to terms with your mother's personality and limitations.  That's a big thing to accept. Can you tell me more about what specifically makes it difficult for you to accept this? What feelings come up when you think about this aspect of your relationship?\n\nYou also talked about the challenge of balancing empathy with setting healthy boundaries with both your mother and your partner, Ivan. You’re working on open communication with Ivan which is great.  It seems you're both trying to understand each other better and communicate more effectively, but you're encountering some frustrating roadblocks, specifically his perception of your feedback.  This must be really disheartening, especially since you're putting in so much effort to be constructive.  Can you tell me more about how it feels when Ivan misinterprets your intentions?  What are you hoping to achieve in your conversations with him, and what kind of support do you need to reach those goals?\n\nIt seems there's a pattern of codependency, or a feeling of over-responsibility, in some of your relationships. You mentioned this with your mother and with Ivan.  Can you elaborate on what that feels like for you?  What are some ways you might feel differently or behave differently in those relationships if you felt less responsible for other people’s emotional states?\n\nFinally, you mentioned feeling uncertain about allowing yourself to feel a full range of emotions. You touched on needing to be okay with feeling “depressed and anxious or down or furious – or good.”  That's a really important acknowledgment.  What specifically makes it challenging for you to accept these feelings without getting preoccupied by them?  What would it feel like to allow yourself to simply be where you are emotionally, without judgment?\n\nRemember, there's no right or wrong way to feel.  The most important step is acknowledging your feelings and exploring how you can navigate these situations in a way that feels healthier and more supportive of your well-being.  We can work through these challenges together, step by step.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I guess I wonder if it’ s something in a way that’ s similar with your mother , if in the back of your mind there is some notion that you’re supposed to be able to take those interactions as they come and not be disturbed by them or not get upset or annoyed. If she calls with the same laundry list of woes, maybe I’m missing something, but I don’ t see it as a big deal that you’re annoyed and not really into the conversation when she calls. On the contrary , I see that as a very healthy response, to be honest; and it doesn’ t mean that you don’ t hear her and it doesn’ t mean that you’re not empathic towards her . I think you’re tremendously empathic towards her and there are times for that and times where you just cannot be. It’ s a big difference to be, for example,  or not to be – in terms of how you are with your husband, your daughter and with your mother . I wonder if, for you to be your authentic self with your mother and to be annoyed when you don’ t want to hear it, is still a new and unfamiliar territory for you.  By your responses, I understand that you are quite aware of it. I guess I wonder if this is the area that you are most sensitive about and wary , to be some extent, about being true to yourself and whether you’re supposed to be.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Even if you are minorly critical. For example, if it’ s in your mind – three cups of pasta is not a healthy dinner for anyone to have. It’ s not a balanced diet and being a little bit conscious of that and concerned about him, that doesn’ t mean you’re being hostilely critical. It can’ t be that what needs to happen is that you have no criticism of anything because that’ s not being a human being." patient: "I talked with him a little bit more about it and I said, “I think that’ s what you’ve come to think of when you think of not being criticized; it’ s not hearing anything, whether it’ s appropriate or not, and that hasn’ t been very helpful to you. And I actually really do love you, so I do want you to be healthy and I do want you to eat a balanced mean. I’m sad, actually , that someone didn’ t say that to you sooner because I think it’ s a lot more loving than ‘I don’ t want to hurt your feelings so, please, do whatever you want.’”  So I feel like we’re making some progress there." mental health assistant: "That’ s huge." patient: "But it’ s really tough." ', 'therapist_result': 'You’re trying to sort of say , as he says this about you, it’ s such a lovely moment when you’re able to say , in a way , “Maybe that’ s true that there are still remnants from my approach as kind of hostile critical instead of constructive. I’ve been working really hard on it and I actually think I’ve made some significant changes, but I’m open. I’ll keep listening for it. At the same time, Ivan, I feel like the thing that I’m hoping you keep working on is that any even constructive feedback” he thinks, “I think you experience as hostile criticism. So this is where we kind of meet. We’re trying to find our way together . “ Actually , having constructive criticism is an extremely loving thing, but he is filled with so much self-loathing, I think even when he hears constructive criticism it gets violent inside himself towards himself. And that’ s something that he has to work on.', 'base_result': '"That\'s understandable.  It sounds like you\'ve taken a really brave step forward in communicating your concerns, and that\'s something to be proud of.  It\'s also completely normal to feel that it\'s "really tough." Can you tell me more about what makes it so tough right now?"\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I can imagine. It’s still so early for you. This is a huge new idea, like, I’m not sure what the “W” stands for but it’s a – you know , I’m sure they say it a lot at the “Y” . – [00:1 1:1 1]  “Be honest,” right? Be honest but also there’ s a difference between being honestly descriptive of something and hostile, critical or evaluative of something, right? It’ s a big idea. You’ve been exposed to the latter so much that I can imagine it’ s hard to wrap your head around .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "That’ s huge." patient: "But it’ s really tough." mental health assistant: "You’re trying to sort of say , as he says this about you, it’ s such a lovely moment when you’re able to say , in a way , “Maybe that’ s true that there are still remnants from my approach as kind of hostile critical instead of constructive. I’ve been working really hard on it and I actually think I’ve made some significant changes, but I’m open. I’ll keep listening for it. At the same time, Ivan, I feel like the thing that I’m hoping you keep working on is that any even constructive feedback” he thinks, “I think you experience as hostile criticism. So this is where we kind of meet. We’re trying to find our way together . “ Actually , having constructive criticism is an extremely loving thing, but he is filled with so much self-loathing, I think even when he hears constructive criticism it gets violent inside himself towards himself. And that’ s something that he has to work on." patient: "And I did. I felt a little okay because I was like, “Actually , Ivan, I would like you to notice, even if you’re not feeling it, the trash really is overdue and so is the laundry and I haven’ t said a word about either of them. I stopped criticizing. I even mostly never ask and wait for it to happen,” because it eventually will happen and he’ s getting better . Also, there is a part of me that realizes it’ s not worth ar guing over , especially if this week he did five – well, maybe not quite five  – but he did things on his to-do list without being asked that were really important and he took care of some stuf f all on his own; and that’ s really huge. It doesn’ t mean that it doesn’ t matter if we don’ t have clean clothes or not, but it’ s big." ', 'therapist_result': 'In the grand scheme of things, it is so much more important, in a way , than if the trash is overflowing.  This is, I think, one of the things that happened in your childhood, Ramona, is that the big things that really matter were so not happening for you as children that you naturally became preoccupied, experience where the big things like seeing you and loving you and putting your mind first were happening, the overflowing garbage, even if that’ s something that your parents needed to work on still, would not have felt as important inside. Do you know what I mean? It was sort of like, “Okay , so it overflows one day .” That’ s not world disaster .', 'base_result': "That sounds like a really complex and challenging situation. You've clearly put a lot of effort into changing your approach, and you've noticed some positive changes in Ivan's behavior.  At the same time, you're still experiencing some frustration and feeling the weight of his self-loathing impacting your relationship. Can you tell me more about what it feels like when his self-loathing manifests itself?  What specifically makes it feel violent inside you, or what are the consequences you experience as a result?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'What you’re describing sounds like the most subtle and most important change happening. There was a period, a year ago, a year and a half ago, when you were still dating Julia where any kind of criticism was automatically and rightly perceived as the relationship moving in a bad direction, a bad omen, and it really hurt and it was something that you then retaliated against. I think you’re still sensitive to it but I think there’ s also now something in your mind that kind of goes, “Wait, no, I’m not going to let that derail this or derail myself anymore.” It’ s actually possible that a criticism is about the person really wanting something better . It’ s possible that a criticism can be really constructive and good.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You’re trying to sort of say , as he says this about you, it’ s such a lovely moment when you’re able to say , in a way , “Maybe that’ s true that there are still remnants from my approach as kind of hostile critical instead of constructive. I’ve been working really hard on it and I actually think I’ve made some significant changes, but I’m open. I’ll keep listening for it. At the same time, Ivan, I feel like the thing that I’m hoping you keep working on is that any even constructive feedback” he thinks, “I think you experience as hostile criticism. So this is where we kind of meet. We’re trying to find our way together . “ Actually , having constructive criticism is an extremely loving thing, but he is filled with so much self-loathing, I think even when he hears constructive criticism it gets violent inside himself towards himself. And that’ s something that he has to work on." patient: "And I did. I felt a little okay because I was like, “Actually , Ivan, I would like you to notice, even if you’re not feeling it, the trash really is overdue and so is the laundry and I haven’ t said a word about either of them. I stopped criticizing. I even mostly never ask and wait for it to happen,” because it eventually will happen and he’ s getting better . Also, there is a part of me that realizes it’ s not worth ar guing over , especially if this week he did five – well, maybe not quite five  – but he did things on his to-do list without being asked that were really important and he took care of some stuf f all on his own; and that’ s really huge. It doesn’ t mean that it doesn’ t matter if we don’ t have clean clothes or not, but it’ s big." mental health assistant: "In the grand scheme of things, it is so much more important, in a way , than if the trash is overflowing.  This is, I think, one of the things that happened in your childhood, Ramona, is that the big things that really matter were so not happening for you as children that you naturally became preoccupied, experience where the big things like seeing you and loving you and putting your mind first were happening, the overflowing garbage, even if that’ s something that your parents needed to work on still, would not have felt as important inside. Do you know what I mean? It was sort of like, “Okay , so it overflows one day .” That’ s not world disaster ." patient: "It feels like what I can control is of paramount importance and what I can’ t control has to be less important, even if it’ s really the most important because I go crazy sometimes." ', 'therapist_result': 'The garbage is even something you could even go just take out and you could actually then fix the problem. You can’ t fix their minds.  You can’ t change who they are, but you can take the garbage out. And I think as things have been evolving with Ivan where he is taking responsibility for his part of things in his own mind – and there are parts of his mind that are clearly changing because of the big things that he has been approaching – then the garbage starts to feel like it’ s not quite as important as it used to be. It’ s still important; it’s part of the daily tasks of living and you might still get irritated by it and it still remains an issue. You wouldn’ t be the first or last couple for whom it happens that the garbage and laundry are things people fight about, and yet it’ s not the level of importance inside as it was as a child.', 'base_result': "That's a really insightful observation, Ramona.  It sounds like you're experiencing a strong need for control, especially in areas where you feel you can exert influence.  Can you tell me more about what it feels like when you're experiencing that overwhelming need for control? What triggers that feeling?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'That’ s true, as well. That you can’ t control the big stuf f.  You also sound quite a bit more settled in your body here than when you were going through some of the earlier phases of this part of treatment. At the beginning, you were going a million miles an hour and there was much more terror and anxiousness. And in some ways, there still is, but it’ s settled a little bit more. Maybe that’ s why the outer things like the trash and the laundry feel less. There feels a little more space inside.  Is there something you’re trying to say about how your relationship with your father and your son are implicated in all this?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "In the grand scheme of things, it is so much more important, in a way , than if the trash is overflowing.  This is, I think, one of the things that happened in your childhood, Ramona, is that the big things that really matter were so not happening for you as children that you naturally became preoccupied, experience where the big things like seeing you and loving you and putting your mind first were happening, the overflowing garbage, even if that’ s something that your parents needed to work on still, would not have felt as important inside. Do you know what I mean? It was sort of like, “Okay , so it overflows one day .” That’ s not world disaster ." patient: "It feels like what I can control is of paramount importance and what I can’ t control has to be less important, even if it’ s really the most important because I go crazy sometimes." mental health assistant: "The garbage is even something you could even go just take out and you could actually then fix the problem. You can’ t fix their minds.  You can’ t change who they are, but you can take the garbage out. And I think as things have been evolving with Ivan where he is taking responsibility for his part of things in his own mind – and there are parts of his mind that are clearly changing because of the big things that he has been approaching – then the garbage starts to feel like it’ s not quite as important as it used to be. It’ s still important; it’s part of the daily tasks of living and you might still get irritated by it and it still remains an issue. You wouldn’ t be the first or last couple for whom it happens that the garbage and laundry are things people fight about, and yet it’ s not the level of importance inside as it was as a child." patient: "I’ve also tried to take your advice sometimes when I look at “oh, the recycling is overflowing.” Last night I was really tired and I left dirty dishes in the sink and I didn’ t switch out the dishwasher . It can happen. It’ s not the end of the world and it doesn’ t mean that it won’ t happen the next day . It’s okay ." ', 'therapist_result': 'That’ s right. Even seeing where you, yourself, has made a decision to let something go is really like, “Okay , humans do that, if we’re averaging.”  So a lot of the time taking care of it, he’ s actually being – it’ s pretty decent. And then a little for giveness for yourself then can come in where you decide “I’m too tired tonight. It’ s not the end of the world if I don’ t do the dishes tonight. I can do them tomorrow .”', 'base_result': 'That’s great, Ramona.  It sounds like you’re making progress in recognizing that letting some things go isn’t the end of the world.  You acknowledged that leaving the dishes and not emptying the dishwasher happened, and you accepted it without letting it derail your whole evening.  That’s a significant step.\n\nCan you tell me more about what it felt like to accept that it was okay?  What was different this time compared to times when you might have felt more overwhelmed by such things?  And what was the impact of that acceptance – on your mood, your sleep, your overall feeling that night?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'And then the other thing is that you had this tendency to sort of give and give and then if you’re not getting back at an equal level then you would get angry , and that’ s a natural human tendency . There is something about how much was withheld from you as a child that I think if you were just a normally raised child, if the garbage was overflowing sometimes it probably would not bother you all that much or if you were not getting back an equal amount for what you were putting in it wouldn’ t bother you all that much. You’d be aware of it, you might say something about it, but it wouldn’ t make you as explosive as it makes you. That’ s all the withholding and the feeling of unequal exchange that is part of your childhood.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s really important. Did you say that you just talked to your mom? Was it in there somewhere?" patient: "It wasn’ t long ago. It was a couple of days ago." mental health assistant: "Okay . So before you had people over? And as you’re dreaming about this?" patient: "We didn’ t talk about the house at all." ', 'therapist_result': 'It doesn’ t even have to be concretely talked about, the house, but even the house as a metaphor for the amount of cleaning up of messiness and other people’ s crap that you had to do in order to survive. Do you know what I mean? That’ s like a stripping and cleaning is that the house is a metaphor of your family . There can be shame about bringing people to a messy house if you’re feeling like what’ s inside us is messy , what’ s here is not good. There are things that we need to be hiding.  I’m sure, for example, your friends coming over , it wouldn’ t be the end of the world to them at all if it weren’ t as clean as you probably got it.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you spoke to your mom a couple of days ago, and you didn't discuss the house at all. That’s helpful to know.  Can you tell me a little more about that conversation? What did you talk about?  And what feelings came up for you during or after the conversation?  It sounds like there might be something else on your mind related to the house and your mom, even if you didn't directly discuss it.  Can you tell me more about what's been going on with you since that conversation?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'So I’m still, as you’re talking, I’m wondering if these, in your dream the things that you’re wondering about, the house, the family history , the money , the sort of the sort of economic realities of the house, I’m wondering whether those are things you’re thinking about in terms of your own life.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Okay . So before you had people over? And as you’re dreaming about this?" patient: "We didn’ t talk about the house at all." mental health assistant: "It doesn’ t even have to be concretely talked about, the house, but even the house as a metaphor for the amount of cleaning up of messiness and other people’ s crap that you had to do in order to survive. Do you know what I mean? That’ s like a stripping and cleaning is that the house is a metaphor of your family . There can be shame about bringing people to a messy house if you’re feeling like what’ s inside us is messy , what’ s here is not good. There are things that we need to be hiding.  I’m sure, for example, your friends coming over , it wouldn’ t be the end of the world to them at all if it weren’ t as clean as you probably got it." patient: "No. No. But now I’m really self-conscious about it and I sometimes catch myself really intensely cleaning something; and I think it’ s because I had to. Our house really was that dirty . Our apartment really isn’ t. I don’t have to  scrub the floor on my hands and knees. I can just take a mop over it. It’ s not that dirty , but I guess I’m stuck in that a little bit." ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s such a sign of just how much anxiety you were sitting with as a kid, Ramona, like the kind of almost OCD personative quality – try and get it clean; try and get it clean – when, in fact, what you are trying to get clean is the family .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that even though your current living situation is much cleaner than your previous one, you still find yourself intensely cleaning, almost compulsively.  It sounds like that earlier experience of having to constantly clean a truly messy environment has left a lasting impact on you. Can you tell me more about what that feels like? What goes through your mind when you find yourself intensely cleaning something that doesn't actually *need* that much cleaning?  And what comes up for you when you compare your current clean apartment to your previous, dirtier home?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'If you were stuck in it, I think it would be more constant. I think this is sort of a phase, or a period, where you’re stuck in it, and that it’ s passing. But I imagine that there are still periods where it gets better and it gets worse. It’ s still something that you’re dealing with, right? I imagine it’ s not the same as it was when you were twenty -five, but there are still periods where it’ s wor se and where it’ s better .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It doesn’ t even have to be concretely talked about, the house, but even the house as a metaphor for the amount of cleaning up of messiness and other people’ s crap that you had to do in order to survive. Do you know what I mean? That’ s like a stripping and cleaning is that the house is a metaphor of your family . There can be shame about bringing people to a messy house if you’re feeling like what’ s inside us is messy , what’ s here is not good. There are things that we need to be hiding.  I’m sure, for example, your friends coming over , it wouldn’ t be the end of the world to them at all if it weren’ t as clean as you probably got it." patient: "No. No. But now I’m really self-conscious about it and I sometimes catch myself really intensely cleaning something; and I think it’ s because I had to. Our house really was that dirty . Our apartment really isn’ t. I don’t have to  scrub the floor on my hands and knees. I can just take a mop over it. It’ s not that dirty , but I guess I’m stuck in that a little bit." mental health assistant: "It’s such a sign of just how much anxiety you were sitting with as a kid, Ramona, like the kind of almost OCD personative quality – try and get it clean; try and get it clean – when, in fact, what you are trying to get clean is the family ." patient: "Right. For me, though, it also felt psychologically cleansing if even a thing." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yes. Yes. That’ s what OCD is, right? The feeling I go wash my hands and, if I make sure that they’re extremely clean and I’ve cleaned them ten times with soap and water , there is a kind of cleansing of something internally – temporarily . It doesn’ t last, but it can feel like something is clean and pristine and in order inside.', 'base_result': 'Okay, Ramona, you\'ve shared something really insightful.  You\'re saying that the intense cleaning isn\'t just about the physical state of your apartment, but it\'s also tied to a deeper psychological need for cleansing – a way to deal with the emotional messiness you experienced as a child. That makes a lot of sense.\n\nCan you tell me more about what that "psychological cleansing" felt like?  What specifically made it feel that way?  Was it a sense of control, a feeling of accomplishment, or something else entirely?\n\nAnd you mentioned feeling "stuck" in that pattern, even though your current living situation is vastly different.  That\'s understandable – old habits and responses can be incredibly persistent.  What do you think is keeping you stuck in this cycle of intense cleaning?  What might help you break free from that feeling?\n\nIt sounds like you\'re recognizing the connection between your past experiences and your current behavior, which is a huge step.  What are your thoughts about how we might begin to work on this together?  Perhaps exploring different coping mechanisms that might offer a similar sense of control or accomplishment, but without the intense physical exertion and potential self-criticism?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'YES! I can believe that. So, in some ways it was a coping mechanism that did help. It’ s still a coping mechanism; it’ s just one that sometimes I think it’ s probably a little too compulsive and maybe more of what you need to be coping with than it once was. I can see how it helped. It helps today , too, like in stuf f going on in your life. I guess my point is I think it also kind of developed as an adaptation because of what wasn’ t going on in the family .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Yes. Yes. That’ s what OCD is, right? The feeling I go wash my hands and, if I make sure that they’re extremely clean and I’ve cleaned them ten times with soap and water , there is a kind of cleansing of something internally – temporarily . It doesn’ t last, but it can feel like something is clean and pristine and in order inside." patient: "But I guess sometimes I can think if you were to have an ar gument and, at the end of it, you can fix the argument or fix the outcome, but in my mind it feels dif ferent if the ar gument takes place at my parents’  house the way it was or if it takes place in a really clean environment, which I know is bizarre and it sounds super weird to verbalize it, but it feels like at the end of the day , if you could square things away with the ar gument you could also not feel like your life is a mess or your house is a mess.  Even if things are relatively okay , I can feel like if I go home and the apartment is really neat and tidy like it is right now , I feel less stressed and I don’t feel guilty relaxing. I actually feel like I can’ t enjoy relaxing at all if the apartment is a mess. I feel like ugh, it’ s a waste of time to even try to relax." mental health assistant: "You clean, in a way , and get things clean as a strategy to manage your anxiety ." patient: "Right. I think it’ s the same like if I’m going to have this problem with Ivan and this problem with my family , but I’m going to get A’s while it’ s happening or I’m going to clean the apartment or the house while it’ s happening. At the end of the two years I’ll at least have my degree, even if whatever happens with Ivan. I’m not going to let him take that away from me or I’m at least going to have my apartment in order .  I’m not going to let someone take that away from me. I can control what I can and, to some extent, I feel really good about that strategy because if it hadn’ t been, I would have eventually gotten out of that house, but I might not have been able to do as well in college or go onto grad school or whatever if I hadn’ t kept myself going with those mechanisms." ', 'therapist_result': 'Absolutely . As far as defenses are concerned, it’ s one of the most adaptive defenses, right? It really is better than the defense of sticking your head in the sand. It kind of leads to some more adaptive steps in life. The part that’ s really important about it – everyone needs defenses, Ramona. There is anxiety in life. We can’ t take away having anxiety . People have job interviews. They have things that are on the line. They have death coming. Life is filled with anxiety that we use defenses around all the time –even at the end of a good answer versus being able to say what you’re starting to say: this is what I do to manage my anxiety . It doesn’ t mean that it’ s right all the time, but it’ s a part of what soothes you. That takes the edge of f of the hostile part of criticism towards your parents – or towards Ivan, even, around some of this stuf f. The way that he manages anxiety is not as adaptive, but it’ s also just the way he manages anxiety . His way of dealing with things not going well and being messy is to put his head in the sand and that’ s how he gets rid of the feelings. That way produces more problems in the long run.  Your way gets things more in order , but they don’ t have to be in as much order in order for things to be good. If you ultimately still want them in so much order , more power to you. This is where it just becomes individual dif ferences, too, but it’ s different than recognizing that as an individual difference versus the absolutely right answer and that it has to be this thing in order to relax. The loosening that happens when you get to say “I’m going to still relax tonight, even though the dishes aren’ t done. Let’ s see if I can just do that and have life still feel okay – really get into this movie and enjoy it.”  You’re smiling.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that maintaining cleanliness and achieving academic success are ways you cope with the stress and anxiety you're experiencing in your relationships with Ivan and your family.  That makes a lot of sense.  It sounds like you've developed these strategies as a way to regain a sense of control and order in your life when other areas feel chaotic or out of your control.\n\nIt’s understandable that you feel the need to create order externally – a clean apartment, academic success – to counter the internal chaos caused by these difficult relationships.  Can you tell me more about what it *feels* like when your apartment is messy?  What specific emotions or thoughts arise for you in that situation?  And what is different when it's clean? What specific emotions or thoughts arise then?  Let's explore those feelings in more detail.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'It sounds like a really important question. It sounds like you have a lot of guilt over and responsibility for things not being better , like you say if I had just worked harder I could have had a really nice life with Jack or if I had just done this and this then I could have prevented my parents from ar guing, which I think is pretty similar to your father’ s attitude. If he had just done this then he could have prevented his parents from divorcing.   How it is for you is if you just work harder you can keep your mind of f the problem or if you just clean the house it can be better .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And you felt it on your butt?" patient: "Yeah." mental health assistant: "The palm or like a finger?" patient: "He was sleeping like this and this happened sort of, but then he immediately pulled it . . . He did immediately pull it away and it kind of went up to my back. So it seems like a very legitimate explanation but, of course, I can’ t tell the dif ference between paranoia and . . ." ', 'therapist_result': 'It’s so hard anyway because people rolling around in the middle of the night could end up in all sorts of limbs accidentally in your sleep.  I think it’ s more a matter of what is he knowing or saying about it inside of himself. That’ s what you’re trying to trust. It felt like you had a sense of it being accidental or like a hand was being pulled away?', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you\'re unsure if what happened was a genuine accident or something more concerning.  That\'s understandable, and it\'s completely valid to feel confused and uncertain in this situation.  It sounds like you\'re grappling with a lot right now.\n\nCan you tell me more about what made you think it *might* not have been an accident?  What specifically is making you question the situation?  And when you say "paranoia," what kinds of thoughts or feelings are you experiencing related to that?  There\'s no right or wrong answer here; I just want to understand your perspective better.\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Okay , I am absolutely willing to admit that I am no expert on childhood sexual abuse. However , my reading of the literature is that it’s relatively uncommon for that to occur with a parent of the same sex as the child. Not entirely uncommon, but relatively uncommon. I don’ t know why that would be the case. So that’ s not really an argument about what actually happened to you but more in general . So I’m not going to bring that into it. I’m not going to bring that in at all if you’re uncomfortable. What I do think is quite interesting is that you then sort of said, “I don’ t know what the point of even bringing it up was,” after describing a very specific scenario where you were, it seems to me, quite clearly struggling with whether there had actually been some sexual contact with your father when you were a child.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Or I can imagine him going through the same thing and being like, “I’m not doing this again.” So that’s why I . . . But it has been two months and it doesn’ t feel quite right and I do want to build things up, even if we’re not ready to have sex yet, which I don’ t know that we are. I would still like for him to be able to sleep in the bed." patient: "I don’ t know if you’ve asked him this, but I would be curious that night if, as he was lying tossing and turning, was he aware or even, at some point later in the night after he woke up, I would be interested to know if he at all felt tempted to touch you. Did that come up? Did he have to use the skills? Do you know what I mean?" mental health assistant: "That’ s a good question." patient: "Because that will also give you kind of a guidepost about – I don’ t know if he would admit it even if he was – but it’ s still worth asking. How prominent was this that he was dealing with it? I can imagine that the decision “you can sleep in the bed,” given what happened last time how close you’re getting.  When I’m being close, is that triggering something more for him? I would just be curious what his response to that would be as part of your trying to continue to understand and build trust on." ', 'therapist_result': 'I want to get more data about what happened first. Again, even if he is going to say , “Oh, no, no, no. That was nothing. I was half asleep.” I would still want to know: did it come up? What was it like for you lying there? Were you tempted? What was keeping him awake, for example? It is a big deal, but I would still be curious: what was so much of a big deal inside him that it was keeping him awake? Do you know what I mean? And you’ll feel that out. Even one week at a time, you can keep coming in and talking about what feels right. I think what’ s important, Ramona, is that you’re listening to your inner self – even including that your inner self said “let’ s try it tonight” is really important.  And then if the next night felt like “let’ s not try it tonight; let’s kind of regroup and talk about this a little bit,” you can keep doing that day by day and doing what feels like it’s appropriate to where you are.', 'base_result': "Okay, I hear you're wondering about your partner's internal experience that night, and how his feelings might be influencing his behavior.  That’s a really insightful question, and it shows you’re actively trying to understand and build trust in your relationship.  It’s understandable that you'd want to know if he experienced any urges or temptations, and whether he had to actively manage those feelings.\n\nBefore we delve into what you might ask him, let’s explore your feelings a bit more.  You seem concerned about the potential triggers for him. Can you tell me more about what makes you think closeness might be triggering for him? What specifically makes you feel that way?\n\nAnd then, thinking about your own feelings, how does *not* knowing his internal experience make you feel? What are your anxieties or uncertainties around this?\n\nFinally, what are you hoping to gain by understanding his experience that night?  What would it allow you to do differently, or how would it shift your understanding of the situation?  Let's explore this together, step-by-step.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . I’m not sure if it’ s just me and I’m sure I’ve done this before but – I’m not questioning what you’re saying I feel like I’m being neurotic – but it’ s hard for me to separate my own kind of thoughts and feelings from a cause, but that’ s okay . But I feel like it is a cause of this. My father , before he died, was really neurotic and really angry and really bitter and really greedy and really cynical and a lot of times really emotionally abusive to my mother and would periodically cheat on her. Not always but I feel like that’ s really , I mean, I could talk to a psychologist for thirty years and not get to the bottom of it, but I can imagine how that would affect a child’ s brain and heart. You know? I mean, I don’ t know how – and, of course, it’ s not the only thing. But I can imagine the impact that someone like that, who’ s circulating in your life, who you’re close to, who’ s acting in certain ways, I can imagine how that would affect a child’ s development.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "And it’ s summer again." patient: "Yeah, jeez." mental health assistant: "What a week. It’ s been a fun week." patient: "Yeah?" ', 'therapist_result': 'Crazy . Yeah, talking to Google was an interesting experience. That was... it was good actually . They seem much more likely to negotiate than I thought, so I’m optimistic. But I’m still cautious, because I think there’ s a lot more negotiation that has to happen around what... the job I’ll be doing and what that looks like and what my future looks like there, because I told... I met with my boss. [0:01:04] And that went really well. She’ s a cool chick. We’ve always gotten along really well on a bunch of dif ferent levels. But then I did that, and then I met with my boss’ s boss—who I’ve had issues with in the past—on Sunday . And it was dif ferent because I could tell, based on what she had said and based on what he had said, he was really doing his best not to come across as desperate. But in his own way he was like, please come back. Please come back and . So that’s... it’ s a nice feeling to feel wanted like that, which is good because that’ s different than what I left with, right? When I left, I didn’ t feel like anyone gave a shit. And it’ s good to have that... the tables turned there and feel like, hey , you actually... what you did here was really important. And it took us eight months, but we really do appreciate that a whole lot, and we want you back to do more of that. [0:01:56] So that was... it’ s nice to have that discussion and then be like, okay , well, we’re passing your name along to the vice president of the division, and he’ s going to give you a call to talk through this. And I was like, okay , cool, finally . We’re getting somewhere! Why couldn’ t you guys have just done this while I was working there? So that’ll be... that’ s next... I mean, he’ s the vice president, so he’ s probably pretty busy . But that’ll be something that happens... this should happen this week. And then we’ll start the fun stuf f, which is negotiating salary and level and stock and cash and signing bonus and all of those fringe peripheral things that will shape what the compensation looks like. So it’ s good, though. It’ll be a good... it should be a good gig, meaty , challenging problems to solve, a lot of ambiguity on the engineering side. There’ s two dif ferent, completely diver gent pieces of technology that we have to bring together , which is always a fun challenge. [0:03:03] There’ s a lot to learn about how we do things, how dif ferent things build software, but then also about the software itself. There’ s another [track there] , which is, just because we’re bringing these two pieces of technology together doesn’ t mean we get to stop working on them for two years. So it’ s like we have to keep building on top of them, but, instead of sort of building on parallel tracks, it’s almost like we’ve got to build so that we can conver ge at one thing. That’ s a part of it, which is... that’ s always tricky , because how do you add features that are building you in the right direction towards this? There’ s the stuf f that you won’ t do, right, because each piece of software does stuff over there that the other one does. How do you manage that with the customers who are paying seven, eight, nine figures to use the software, that they won’ t have access to that stuf f? [0:04:00] So there’ s that angle. And then there’ s just the general, how do we actually make people understand what we’ve done here? So the marketing side of it. So I get to have my finger in lots of pies, which is exciting. And then the people. There’ s two or three people who I’ve mentioned to in confidence, like, hey , I’m thinking about coming back. And they’re like, yes, please, immediately , and how much do we have to give you to come back? So more of these would normally be people that I’d be working with day to day or more people that were just... had worked as peers to me while I was there. So it’ s good. It’ s good to know that both you are wanted and still liked somewhat? So that was really cool. But work, like, regular... not Google work, but regular work has been just nuts these past... I think since we released the new version of the product at the beginning of the month, it’ s just been a blur . I can’t... I don’ t know , I can’ t figure out how much time I’ve spent working, but it feels like it’ s done a lot. [0:04:58] It just seems like I wake up in the morning, and I hop  on e-mail for a little bit, hope in the shower , and then pretty much that’ s all I’m thinking about, which is not good .', 'base_result': 'Okay, so you said "Yeah, jeez" to my comment about it being summer again, and then a hesitant "Yeah?" to my comment about it being a fun week.  I\'m wondering what\'s going on for you right now.  Tell me more about what you\'re feeling.  What\'s making this week feel… not fun?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah, I think it’ s been a fun week. It’ s been a hot minute since we’ve had a week that’ s been just like this .  I think for me too, I don’ t know if it’ s been a lot of fun but it’ s been a lot like a kind of a release. I feel like we get to do this like kind of  bit of  pulling away from stuf f. I guess I’m not really saying that you’ve been pulling away much but it’ s been nice just to be out and about and do stuf f. And it’ s been nice for me. I feel like I can just be a little more like out of my head, if that makes sense.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "What’ s it stirring up for you?" patient: "I guess rage at this one person. Basically the – last week – I think it was last week. The decision was last week. A couple of days after the decision, the Orthodox Union, which is sort of like – it’ s not the head, but an orthodoxy doesn’ t necessarily have a head organization, but if it did, it would be the Orthodox Union – issued a statement saying they agreed with the Hobby Lobby decision.  I was too ragey to read the whole thing, but I think it mostly amounted to, because religious freedom, I do like – the forms of contraception Hobby Lobby didn’ t want to cover are ones that are not at all problematic in Judaism. There is a really strong ar gument in Jewish law for allowing birth control. I was like, why did they come out with this statement? They didn’ t have to say anything at all. It’ s not like anyone asked them, and here they are just supporting this decision that actually is offending our Jewish religious freedom if any Hobby Lobby employees happened to be Jews. Not that any of them do as far as I know , but I sort of didn’ t really think – I think they wanted it because they were afraid that what if the U.S. eventually changes laws about slaughtering animals would invalidate kosher slaughter , because only Jews can do that slaughtering.  Whereas I don’ t think they’re the same thing, because that’ s specifically for a religious purpose, where Hobby Lobby , most of the employees aren’ t Christian, and they’re forcing the religious beliefs on someone else. Also if you take that to the logical conclusion, then people will have – their closely held corporations could also have the religious freedom to start saying, “Because of my religious beliefs, I don’ t want to hire Jews.” They already started doing that with LGBT  people the day after the decision came out. I don’ t think they’d ever do it with Jews because of how anti-Semitism is a taboo in modern American society . But still. So I was really pissed of f about that, and I was thinking, I wish the conservative movement had posted something condemning the decision. It actually turns out they had. So I posted the comment before I knew they said something, and that comment was basically what I just said. I wish the conservative movement would come out with something against this decision. One of the people on my friends list who is someone I know maybe 9, 10 years ago, sometime in college, only really interacted with briefly a couple of times, was all like, “Why is contraceptive a right?” Then he posted this comment that really of fended me and made me pissed of f which was a woman holding up a sign that said, “Birth control, not my boss’ s business.” Then the pointy-haired boss from Dilbert holding up a sign that said, “Agreed. That’ s why I’m not paying for it.” Made really stupid ar guments like, “What’ s next? They pay for my gym membership?” Which actually some companies even have gyms. It’ s like, “Oh, they should pay for my guitar strings.” I’m like, you’re totally missing the point." mental health assistant: "So you were surprised by some of your friend’ s stances on it?" patient: "Just him. If he had been making an intelligent ar gument about it, it would have been one thing. After that a few other people commented on it, and they were going back and forth, and they were all fine. I don’ t think anyone else was saying contraception is wrong, or anything.  Some people were saying, it’ s okay because the U.S. Government ACA  stuff is going to take care of that, whether or not that was true. A few people actually ar gued – the first one I was mad at, actually , this is a huge medical issue. What’ s wrong with you? I ended up first unfriending him, then blocking him, because I was like, I don’ t want to deal with this, also because he was a person I don’ t even interact with on a regular basis anymore, coming out and being all like – I guess it was how dismissive he was of it, and how much he didn’ t take it seriously . Birth control and sex are things that are just as important as guitar strings. I guess as a male he’ s never going to have to experience being pregnant against his will, although I think he’ s married now , and I bet at some point he have problems with condoms which are the most easy to af ford and get for protection. Wouldn’ t it make more sense to protect getting these other methods of contraception which you may want to use between having kids or when you’ve had as many kids as you want. Even if you’re not having premarital sex, birth control is still important. [00:1 1:00] I don’ t know why I’m – on the one hand I shouldn’ t be so invested in it, because it know it was only a few forms of birth control and they’re not even the ones that I use." ', 'therapist_result': 'It sounds like you’re thinking about it not just at the level of birth control, but also are thinking about it in terms of what does that decision mean in terms of how other issues might get looked at? As you were talking about it, you’re saying, what’ s next? What if they want to say a closely held corporation can limit other things, like who they hire, or what they practice? So it sounds like you’re invested in it not just at the level of who can get insurance to pay for birth control and what kinds, but what else can a company decide to do?', 'base_result': "It sounds like you're feeling a lot of anger and frustration right now, and that's completely understandable given the situation.  The Orthodox Union's statement, your friend's dismissive comments, and the whole Hobby Lobby decision – it all seems to have really stirred up some strong emotions for you.  \n\nYou mentioned feeling rage at your friend, and that his arguments felt incredibly dismissive and lacking in seriousness.  Can you tell me more about what specifically felt so dismissive about his comments? What was it about his approach that triggered such a strong reaction in you?  \n\nYou also brought up the implications of the Hobby Lobby decision extending beyond just contraception, even touching on potential discrimination against religious groups in employment.  That's a pretty significant concern, and it makes sense that you'd feel strongly about it.  How does this broader concern connect to your personal experience and feelings about the situation?  What are your biggest worries in regards to this wider implication?\n\nFinally, you mentioned feeling conflicted, saying you shouldn't be *so* invested, given you don't even use the specific contraceptives in question. Can you explore that feeling a bit further?  What makes you feel like you *shouldn't* be so invested, and what are the things that make you feel like you *should* be invested in this?  Understanding this internal conflict might help you process your feelings more effectively.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'I guess it’ s – you sound a little ironic when you say I shouldn’ t be invested in it. [I don’ t know ] . I mean, I think a lot of people have been hollering about the Hobby Lobby decision, and I think it says a lot about – it stirs up a lot of your values and what’ s important about being American, and what’ s important about religious freedom. I guess my first thought is, I think it’ s important to you, and it makes you upset, and [what I’m not sure about is]  in a way you’re sort of hollering about it. You wrote it on this other social media site, and then you’re a little disappointed that no one heard, or they did hear but they didn’ t all agree, and I guess that’ s what I mean. Is this more about the issue, or is it more about, I have this important thing to say , and I want people to agree with me?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "If they would not cover it, that means it’ s completely not ever happening, because I cannot af ford that. Probably should not just go in for elective sur geries. It’ s frivolous and stuf f. It’s just that none of the other options actually make periods go away ." patient: "Like even getting your tubes tied." mental health assistant: "Makes it so you can’ t get pregnant, but that’ s a form of birth control." patient: "Yes." ', 'therapist_result': 'So I think we may have struck upon what some of the panic is about. Some of the issues that have been stirred up because some of the political stuf f happening have touched upon more deeply-rooted fears, and they’ve been lurking for a long time, just not brought to the surface.', 'base_result': "Okay, so you're saying that getting your tubes tied, while preventing pregnancy, doesn't actually solve the issue of your periods?  Can you tell me more about what's making you feel that way?  What are the specific difficulties you're experiencing with your periods that you feel haven't been addressed by other options?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'So if it’ s just for af fordability , what are the odds of a very low cost, or finding a free, clinic? I’m guessing you’d have to get on a waiting list, but I guess I’m just thinking, what if you get on a waiting list, and I just don’ t, like how long it would take to get of f your plate and your schedule and your body , if you’re okay with it, would just have fewer periods. Or you could have fewer periods. Or you’re saying even if it’ s free, you would take that of f the table? Or is the issue less frivolous, less elective?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "So I think we may have struck upon what some of the panic is about. Some of the issues that have been stirred up because some of the political stuf f happening have touched upon more deeply-rooted fears, and they’ve been lurking for a long time, just not brought to the surface." patient: "It’s also that I just don’ t want any other woman to have to go through this. It’ s so hypocritical too, especially with the orthodox women. The medical insurance that Hobby Lobby gives to their employees does cover vasectomies. Vasectomies are explicitly forbidden in the Torah, yet they’re okay with that, and they’re also okay with denying contraceptions that would be totally fine within Jewish law .  You know , if you’re deciding based on religion, this decision isn’ t one that benefits Judaism.  Just you know , pissed of f about women’ s rights, and the people that like – how can you be so misogynist? Why are misogynist people married to women who are in a lot of cases – why are misogynist people women? I just am so disappointed by the Orthodox Union saying that, because it seems like a short-sighted decision, and it seems like they’re okay with women’ s rights falling by the wayside." mental health assistant: "So anger , a lot of times, can turn into anxiety , because it’ s such an uncomfortable emotion to feel, like you said, so rage-filled. That’ s such an intense emotion to sit with, and the discomfort of sitting with such a strong, intense emotion." patient: "I thought I would feel better when I ." ', 'therapist_result': 'It doesn’ t make these thoughts go away . It makes them less visible. I think yes, sounds certainly that what that poster said really bothered you, but also the ideas behind it bother you, and that poster is not the only person who holds misogynistic ideas, and ideas that dif fer from how you read the logic from one step to the next.', 'base_result': '"I thought I would feel better when I..."  That\'s a really important point.  Can you tell me more about what you thought would make you feel better and why you thought that?  What was your expectation, and how does the reality compare? It sounds like you\'ve been carrying a lot of weight – the anger, the disappointment, the concern for other women.  It\'s understandable that you\'d hope for a certain outcome and feel let down when it doesn\'t happen.  What are you feeling right now, as you reflect on that expectation versus reality?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'Maybe it’ll also be okay to just let yourself feel some of the anger . If it’ s not about the action, if it’ s not about – you’re not going to do something with it, that immediately feels like it will make a difference, maybe you can just let yourself be angry . It may not be a healthy , productive, helpful thing. If it’s just a psychological thing to do, maybe that’ s okay . It’ s your religion, it’ s your world, it’ s your comfort zone, it’ s your community , it’ s your life. You’re going to make the choices that you’re going to make, but it may feel a little easier if you let yourself be angry about it, if you let yourself feel the hypocrisy of it, if you let yourself feel the injustice of it. If that’ s what it is, that might be okay . You know?'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "It’s nice to have those allies." patient: "Yeah." mental health assistant: "That really understand what you’re feeling." patient: "And I don’ t have that anymore. The person I go home from work and see is him. He’ s all like, “But it’ s not as bad as you think it is.” I’m like, I just want to vent about how horrible it is. I don’ t really want to hear – I guess I never actually told him that I want to vent about how horrible it is without him trying to defend the other side." ', 'therapist_result': 'Yeah. I wonder what would happen if you do say , “Can I just tell you how upset I am?” Because that sounds like that’ s what you want. You want to be able to talk about, express, how upset these things have made you, not necessarily examine them or debate them, talk about how upsetting they are to you.', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like you're feeling really frustrated and unheard at home.  It's understandable that you'd want to vent about how difficult things are, and it's incredibly upsetting when someone tries to minimize your feelings instead of listening.  Can you tell me a little more about what's making you feel things are so horrible right now?  What specifically are you wanting to vent about?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Yeah. [00:26:1 1]  It sounds like you’re really missing a piece of yourself in your life that I think you used to have that, I don’ t know , a lot more than I can imagine, but I imagine involves kind of like your history with your family , your aunts and uncles, and a bunch of other people.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "To be able to come home and talk about things, and know that they’re going to feel a very similar way. Now that we’ve been talking about this stuf f for a little bit, what’ s your anxiety like?" patient: "It’s less. I think it’ s mostly gone." mental health assistant: "That’ s a pretty good sign that that’ s what we needed to process. It’ s hard stuf f to talk about, but I’m glad you’re feeling less anxious, or panicky . Panicky is what you said." patient: "I mean, they’re the same thing to me. I guess I use panic over anxiety when it’ s actual physical feelings as opposed to just worried about something, especially since there wasn’ t anything – I guess anxiety is when I’m worried about something specific, and panic is when there’ s nothing I can actually point my finger to that triggers it." ', 'therapist_result': 'For me just seeing the way – there’ s a dif ference from what you look like when you came in, and now, and just noticing the dif ference in your posture.  You were tense. Your shoulders were up. Your arms were up. You were breathing a little bit faster . Now I can see your body’ s relaxed, your shoulders are down, your hands are down, your breathing’ s slower . You just seem more settled, and for me that’ s what I associate with those panicky feelings, being very – feel like you’re vibrating with all this ener gy, and feeling very agitated. Anxious can sometimes have that quality too, but for you I know it’ s more associated with the worried thoughts rather than that physical feeling.', 'base_result': 'Okay, that\'s a really helpful distinction you\'ve made between anxiety and panic.  It sounds like you\'ve experienced both, and you\'ve identified a key difference:  anxiety being linked to a specific worry, while panic feels like it comes from nowhere, a more physical experience. That\'s a great insight.\n\nSo, if I understand correctly, when you say the anxiety is "mostly gone," you mean the worry about specific things is less intense? Can you tell me more about what that feels like – what\'s different now compared to how you felt before we started talking?  And what were some of those specific worries that you were experiencing before?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'And the actual physical feelings are more of the panic, is that what you’re saying? Okay , so it sounds like part of what we’re missing is you’re missing actually the home environment, and your mom and your dad. I mean, I don’ t just mean missing, but that there’ s a lot of sadness around it, I think. Maybe it’ s complicated, because you’re also ready to get out of the house. It’s probably ambivalent.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "One vote isn’ t enough. That’ s all you get." patient: "Alito and Scalia need to resign so we can get more liberal justices before Obama’ s out of office. I would really like that to happen." mental health assistant: "These are big things, and they may not have a direct impact on you today , but the possibility of the impact is really scary ." patient: "Which is why I then come up with these crazy drastic plans. I can’ t control things by voting. I can control things by moving to a country that has lots of abortions, or taking out parts of my body that are problematic." ', 'therapist_result': 'Let’ s leave those as safety net plans that you could enact.  You could move to China. You could have a hysterectomy . Those are not things that can’ t happen. Those are things that don’ t have to have a lot of thought and planning going into them. Nobody is telling you right now that you can’ t get an abortion if you needed one.', 'base_result': "Okay, I hear you saying that you're feeling overwhelmed and powerless in the face of these significant political events, and that's leading you to consider drastic actions like moving to another country or self-harm.  That sounds incredibly stressful.  Can you tell me more about what specifically feels so out of control right now? What aspects of the situation are causing you the most anxiety?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'As the possibility that you could lose health care has become more real and more relevant to your life, you’ve worried more and more, and felt more and more out of control. It’ s a very new fear , that your life could change in a very fundamental way and you would have very little input or control over that. It’ s a very dif ferent kind of fear from what you’ve worried about before.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "These are big things, and they may not have a direct impact on you today , but the possibility of the impact is really scary ." patient: "Which is why I then come up with these crazy drastic plans. I can’ t control things by voting. I can control things by moving to a country that has lots of abortions, or taking out parts of my body that are problematic." mental health assistant: "Let’ s leave those as safety net plans that you could enact.  You could move to China. You could have a hysterectomy . Those are not things that can’ t happen. Those are things that don’ t have to have a lot of thought and planning going into them. Nobody is telling you right now that you can’ t get an abortion if you needed one." patient: "That’ s true." ', 'therapist_result': 'And you don’ t need one right now . Keep those plans. If it’ s somewhat comforting to know that those are actions you could take if you need a drastic option, keep them out there as drastic plans, and know that there’ s a lot of space between needing to enact either one of those, probably , and what you said today .', 'base_result': "Okay, so you've acknowledged that moving or having a hysterectomy are options, but they feel like drastic solutions to cope with the overwhelming feelings you're experiencing right now.  Can you tell me more about what specifically feels so scary and overwhelming about the current situation?  What are you most worried about?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Even if it doesn’ t feel like it, there is a lot you can think about and do between now and November. There is a lot going on in the country right now , and the intensity of it can leave feeling powerless, and it leaves the impression that there is nothing to do. I think it’ s hard when, for example, as many e-mails as I’ve received and seen on Facebook from people who cannot stand Chris Christie, but because of the state of the election have to hold their nose because they’re from New Jersey and they’re going to vote for him.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "You still want to be able to have your own feelings, even if it’ s not something you’re facing right now. You have the right to have your own feelings." patient: "Which is why I don’ t usually engage on the issue of children if possible, because—" mental health assistant: "." patient: "Yeah, and I’m not going to change their minds on that. It’ s not going to hurt me if they think I’m going to want children someday , because it’ s not like they’re going to be someone who made me have those children, but then again I guess I never tried to think why abortion stuf f is dif ferent.  Because it’ s not like they’re actively preventing me from getting an abortion, and it’ s not like I need an abortion. I guess just , that men know better than women. It’ s always men who are – I guess just it’ s also the disregard for life, and for women, the experiences and the non-feelings of a bunch of cells is more important than an actual living, breathing, human being." ', 'therapist_result': 'Being able to clarify this stuf f for yourself is important, to label what it is that gets you. We need to stop for now , but I encourage you to continue thinking and talking this stuf f out. If you could connect with one of your friends who would really be able to understand, that would be great. I think our next appointment is a 2:30 one, and I wanted to look and see if I can of fer you a time that fits better .', 'base_result': "It sounds like you've been grappling with some complex and deeply felt emotions around the topic of children and abortion.  You mentioned avoiding the issue to protect yourself, which makes sense. Can you tell me more about what specifically triggers those feelings when the conversation arises?\n\nAnd you said you're not concerned about others' assumptions about your future plans regarding children. But then you went on to talk about the disparity you perceive between how men and women are viewed, particularly around abortion and the value placed on a woman's experience versus the potential life of a fetus.  Can you expand on what that disparity feels like to you?  What aspects of that disparity are particularly upsetting or frustrating?\n\nFinally, you mentioned the disregard for women's lives and experiences in relation to abortion. It seems like you're feeling a significant sense of injustice.  What are some specific examples of that disregard that stand out for you?  What would it feel like to have that disregarded lessened or addressed?\n", 'finetuned_result': 'We’re having this conversation. We didn’ t need to talk about your childhood to be able to hear the things you’re wanting to say . I can hear that you’re disappointed that you don’ t have a mom who will talk to you about your relationship to your sexuality .'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "That’ s right, you had that—" patient: "Tuesday I do—" mental health assistant: "I just need to check. I’ll put you in there and hold that space for you. I just need to check the scheduling issue with childcare, but I’ll confirm that with you by tomorrow ." patient: "So Monday , July 14th, at 8:30 am, not pm. Okay ." ', 'therapist_result': 'Then the 25th, that week, I don’ t have a better option. I can do a little bit later . I can go at 3:30 on that Friday , but I don’ t have anything early , early . I can also do 10:30. I don’ t know if going in late—', 'base_result': "Okay, so it sounds like we've sorted out the scheduling for your appointment on Monday, July 14th at 8:30 AM.  That's great we've got that confirmed.  However, I also want to make sure we're addressing what might be causing you some stress.  You mentioned childcare earlier.  Can you tell me a little more about what challenges you're facing in arranging childcare for that appointment?  It sounds like this is something weighing on your mind.\n", 'finetuned_result': 'Okay . So you’re here today to talk about, you know , feeling suicidal. And I guess the first thing that occurs to me—you’re talking about feeling hopeless. You’re describing a lot of symptoms of depression and a similar state of depression. I mean, you are talking about it in the sense of “when am I going to feel better? Where’ s the exit out of this?” But you’re also describing a lot of symptoms.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "I seem unsettled as you also feel unsettled?" patient: "I revisited some older relationships with music teachers this weekend and realized how transferrential or like how they are really little baby transferrentials. We had so much in common with it and with each other ." mental health assistant: "My sense is that you’re maybe unsettled and I am apparently unsettled by your bringing Peg into things.  I think my sense is that you feel like, in a way , it puts something a little in between us and it’ s something that, among other things, helps you when I am not there and is really nice and that, at the same time, it feels like a bit of distance or dif ference between you and me and that that raises the question of whether we can be as close or this can be the same and how is that going to af fect me and I’m probably unsettled." patient: "I don’ t know why because I’m not pretending to know why you’re unsettled. I don’ t think it’ s because" ', 'therapist_result': 'No. I’m saying I think you feel like I am more immune the same way like with your mother . You imagined I was thinking that she was acutely aware of how you were going to the piano and not to her . You are imagining that I am acutely aware of you are going to the piano and not to me and that you imagined that I’m unsettled by that.', 'base_result': 'Okay, I hear you saying you don\'t know why I seem unsettled, and you don\'t think it\'s because of your reflections on your relationships with your music teachers.  That\'s a fair point.  Can you tell me more about what you *think* might be causing my unsettled feeling, or even, what it feels like *to you* that I\'m unsettled?  And perhaps, more importantly, can you tell me more about what *your* experience with these past relationships was like?  What specifically about the similarities and the "baby transferentials" stood out to you this weekend?  What feelings did that bring up?\n', 'finetuned_result': 'I think, in a way , it’ s because you’re talking to me about it and that’ s what new and this is the part that is a little unsettled. It’ s not the talking about it. It’ s that you’re talking about it and how it’ s going to change things or whether it’ s going to change things or how or what it means about the whole thing.  This is the part that is unsettled and maybe the part that felt a little distant because you’re not doing it, but it felt important to kind of talk about and acknowledge it and I think that’ s the part that I’m a little unsettled about.'},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "Sure. No, I won\'t say I don\'t feel other things, but I feel I think it\'s  good, but I feel bad that this is can be sad and so frustrating, you know , again, like, I\'m not trying to say that from a distance or mean way , because I think, like, the  become quite helpful, but  it\'s hard. It sucks and it\'s frustrating." patient: "Does that make sense to you?" mental health assistant: "To some extent, yeah. I mean, well,  in this case, I\'m not trying to dodge the question. I\'m just asking specifically what you mean. Like..." patient: "Like, it\'s not that helps . I mean, it\'s really nice to hear "I\'m sorry that you\'re feeling that way ," but it doesn\'t really do much for me. I guess it would be more helpful . I don\'t know .  I know . I know it sucks. Like, from all the ways in which you could know , because you know me, because you know  what this is like because you\'ve been through it, or because you  you have to listen to what I have to say , and you feel it.  I get why you might not be saying anything." ', 'therapist_result': "No, that's one reason I'm very comfortable with saying I do know this sucks. I know it's incredibly painful and frustrating and sad and sometimes .  I really wish there was sort of more I could do to , but I  know that this is something I know I at least feel like I'm I feel like I'm pretty tuned into about how you're feeling.", 'base_result': 'Okay, I hear you saying that while hearing "I\'m sorry you\'re feeling that way" is appreciated, it doesn\'t quite address the depth of your pain.  You\'re looking for something more substantial, something that acknowledges the complexity of your experience.  Is that right?\n\nIt sounds like you\'re hoping for a connection that goes beyond simple empathy.  You\'re suggesting that genuine understanding might come from shared experience or a deeper immersion in your feelings – perhaps from someone who truly *knows* what it\'s like. Can you tell me more about what that kind of understanding would look or feel like to you? What would make a response feel truly helpful in this situation?\n', 'finetuned_result': "Yeah. I mean, I'll, I'll say a couple of things, and then I'll stop. One is, I think I've probably said this before, but, you know , I will cheerfully , of course, say I'm sorry for the stuf f that I did to you. That's it's unfair , it's unjust, and it's a violation of our agreement. I will, I'm happy to say that. I'm not sure I will be all that  comforting in the sort of general sense of saying that. I'll say it if you want me to, but I'm not..."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "To some extent, yeah. I mean, well,  in this case, I\'m not trying to dodge the question. I\'m just asking specifically what you mean. Like..." patient: "Like, it\'s not that helps . I mean, it\'s really nice to hear "I\'m sorry that you\'re feeling that way ," but it doesn\'t really do much for me. I guess it would be more helpful . I don\'t know .  I know . I know it sucks. Like, from all the ways in which you could know , because you know me, because you know  what this is like because you\'ve been through it, or because you  you have to listen to what I have to say , and you feel it.  I get why you might not be saying anything." mental health assistant: "No, that\'s one reason I\'m very comfortable with saying I do know this sucks. I know it\'s incredibly painful and frustrating and sad and sometimes .  I really wish there was sort of more I could do to , but I  know that this is something I know I at least feel like I\'m I feel like I\'m pretty tuned into about how you\'re feeling." patient: "I  in a not  way . You know , like,  do you understand?" ', 'therapist_result': "There are ways that this is, like, sort of a chess game of frustration, in some ways, you know? Like, I think we're probably sometimes realizing it and sometimes not. You're kind of trying to, like, figure out where the fuck I'm coming from already and get me to open up. And I sort of, like, tarry over there and tarry over there and tarry over here. Or , like, you know , sometimes like now , kind of step a little bit to the side of it and say what I think is going on. But I think that's all sort of the ener gy for that, some motivation for that, which is probably conscious, but probably something that happens, and you're not even intending for it to happen is your , like, sadness and frustration. And that it probably like, you may know in your head that there's a point, but it sure as hell doesn't feel like that way , I'm sure, a lot of the time. It just feels, like, fucking frustrating.", 'base_result': 'Okay, I hear you saying you\'re feeling a disconnect between my expressing empathy ("I\'m sorry you\'re feeling that way") and the actual support you need. You\'re suggesting that simply acknowledging your pain isn\'t enough, and you\'re hoping for a deeper understanding, perhaps from someone who\'s shared a similar experience.  Is that right?\n\nCan you tell me more about what kind of support would feel more helpful in this situation? What would "more helpful" look like to you?  What are you hoping to get out of our sessions right now?\n\nIt also sounds like you\'re sensing some hesitation on my part, and you\'re wondering if I truly grasp the depth of your pain.  Can you expand on that feeling? What specifically makes you feel like I might not fully understand?  What would it take for you to feel truly understood?\n', 'finetuned_result': "yeah. Like, it's not as though  I's more that  it's not something where, okay , I'm going to describe this analogy , and I'm going to say that's how it is. But, it's like I feel very aware of how you're feeling about the particulars of what we're talking about. I mean, I  feel pretty ... I don't mean to say this like I'm patting myself on the back or something, but like I..."},
{'text_input': 'Assume the role of a mental health assistant trying to help a person deal with their problems. Use open-ended questions and help the person validate their feelings and reflect on their situation. Process the following context, and respond to the last patient message: mental health assistant: "No, that\'s one reason I\'m very comfortable with saying I do know this sucks. I know it\'s incredibly painful and frustrating and sad and sometimes .  I really wish there was sort of more I could do to , but I  know that this is something I know I at least feel like I\'m I feel like I\'m pretty tuned into about how you\'re feeling." patient: "I  in a not  way . You know , like,  do you understand?" mental health assistant: "There are ways that this is, like, sort of a chess game of frustration, in some ways, you know? Like, I think we\'re probably sometimes realizing it and sometimes not. You\'re kind of trying to, like, figure out where the fuck I\'m coming from already and get me to open up. And I sort of, like, tarry over there and tarry over there and tarry over here. Or , like, you know , sometimes like now , kind of step a little bit to the side of it and say what I think is going on. But I think that\'s all sort of the ener gy for that, some motivation for that, which is probably conscious, but probably something that happens, and you\'re not even intending for it to happen is your , like, sadness and frustration. And that it probably like, you may know in your head that there\'s a point, but it sure as hell doesn\'t feel like that way , I\'m sure, a lot of the time. It just feels, like, fucking frustrating." patient: "Yeah." ', 'therapist_result': "Like, I mean, to be a little silly about it. Like, there's a bunch of cookies. Cookies are good. We like cookies. Let's talk about the cookies.  They're Oreo cookies. They're chocolate chip cookies. They are lemon squares. They are all these brownies. They are always dif ferent kinds of treat and sweets and cookies. Let's look at them, you know .  Like, fuck. You know , what the hell are you doing?", 'base_result': 'Okay, so you said "Yeah."  That tells me you relate to what I was saying. Can you tell me more about what specifically resonated with you?  What part of that felt particularly true to your experience right now?\n', 'finetuned_result': "In a way , it's probably a very painful  similar , I guess, to your childhood, where you sort of were trying to communicate something to your mom about how hurt you were and frustrated and what she was doing was wrong, and it just sort of felt more like she was, like, getting irritated and/or doing something else. Which, in a way , she kind of was and she kind of wasn't, right? There was that dynamic, but it also was very painful and frustrating and real. And so, I think some of the ener gy with me about kind of trying to get me to move, to say something or a little of what's going on, is just sadness and frustration.  I'm sorry that there isn't more I can do about your father . I really wish that I could and I really wish that your parents were, like, in a dif ferent place, but I can't do that and they're not going to be. I'm not very good at picking up on subtle cues. So, if you're a little bit more subtle or if you're not saying the same thing 40 times, I may not catch it. You're going to have to, like, say it again."},